- Availability Management is a maps concern for business - critical applications because an outage of availability will mean loss of customer satisfaction, revenue, and credibility - Saas softwares limanages security concerns , applications and resources just like any normal business would do. Hence motoring the health of Saas based jus become an important responsibility for the customer. Health monitoring is important because any loss in outage will lead to loss of availability of saas services for customers. Saas health depends ouw a lot of factors like :- a) Architecture of cloud b ) Reliability of ISP prounder c) Sw and hyw being used for prounding service etc. Saas is responsible for providing the entire softerall phas/ i.e application stack + Metwork resources + infiniture storage #c. ) hence it becomes very important for businesses to monitor the health of the Services they an availing The following and Its SLA of Saas is different for different customers & hence there is no one standard for service credits, service exclusions & fore elles uptime of seemed Scanned with CamScanner This leads to customers monitoring the Saas health . - the following three looks are most commonly used for monitoring Saas Healthl . - Internal! Dashboard of CCID third party s/w CSP 1 ) Dashboard of CSP : - lusually the dashboard of CSP provides the status health of the Aunece they are offering - They list doven various parameters and their performance - they also perform about the outage of services and any fulure maintenance work . 2) CCID (Cloud Computing Inspection Database ) - CID is usually mauntamed by a community and informs about which service is down - This usually does not gines information about all the services 3 ) Third Party : - the business owners can make use of third party web app's like uptime. com - This service monitors the service after every a minutes from Scanned with CamScanner different locations moider to inform us about outages. - It sends alerts to the customers whenever the is down - Inorder to avoid false alerts it se monitors the application from different locations and after analysing sends alerts. Scanned with CamScanner 