Ans-117 Customers should monitos SAAS health for availability management, customer, who is hosting a website, should see if site is up or not. 27 site is not up is. not working, then it con inform. cloud service provider and take a whofrate vetros L ou heneals customes makes ony changesin the website It might be possible that their web application may stop respondiss, so monitoring tool will help in change management 3 Suppose cloud service provider or other people on the same server are performing some activity which might lead to down time of our own virtual Mothine. So " SA we Should monitos SAAS health 1) Some hocher might try to perform D OS attock on our virtual machine, which may lead to man availability of our entusl machine. There are certain applications, which is time critical like transactions e's, so a minute of delay / downtime might cause los of billion of ruplus so that is why customes Scanned with CamScanner should monitor SAAS health. There are various software tools / socies. avarbibl to chick saa's health monitoring as follows : O cloud computing Incident database ( CCID ) Il is a database which contains records of various cloud servier provides , along with doontime of enteal mochines / softwares is provided in their. Degelohers . Rgonesition can look into thesi database to choose the best cloud service provider according. to their need. once upon a time, docentime lasted for more than a hours. 2) One con take help of site uptime. com or status Zooho- con Services and con monitor their web applications through these websites. Scanned with CamScanner Ome can also use third party software like 'nMagros" which is a monitoring lool and monitors all the services of a vertical machine like: clisk stilisation, SSH OF the service, storage whilesation ete Mogios sends sms to phone / email to both CSP and developer to take certain action. Magics works on the principle of Ring to check uptime of any web unscon service. Magicos is serveer, is installed on one server oncslord its client (i. o. the machine we want to montes ) is INS chent + + ) is istalled on client machine and whileuh servies We wont to moitos is listed down in the file . One biggest advantage, which & had seen in my real life of monitoring SAAS health is a follow .. nd, one day, what hopfenes, all the ss got down fpresent on selling 7, and we got lo ool messages due to nagios. so we did UM migration of all the UM to other server as it was hardwory failure?! Therefore we should monitos SAAS health and Scanned with CamScanner Softtwor tools I servicesplay a blas empourhoond role in this Scanned with CamScanner 