Ansin) Customers should monitor Saas Health for following reasons: (is To keck a check on cworent status of the software hatedIt provided as a service. (" " ) To keep a check on the cwment outages of the cloud Service. 11" , To bie aware about any manitenance sessions scheduled for the cloud services provided. in To keep track of the history of outages of the bey cloud serviit feltriders, compare among different cloud service providers and make an informed decision about the cloud service provider . (V) TO enswere that there alle no descriptions while making use of resources, due to non-availability of services provided by the cloud sowice perider. It could lead to delayed work per data loss. Scanned with CamScanner (Vi)in order to claim compensating steps ley the cloud secuece Aocouider for the putages that have taken place drawing the service contract. cloud service rounders can provide cheatain hours of free service at the end of the poured of contract for the & number of hovers outages had taken place. ( vii) To diagnose the actual root cause of outages and non-arouca's. of the cloud services. It would be a hoste witeumet commection of faulty haldware on the end of the customer itself. monitor and vmis to manage availability of the cloud services as a responsibile customer. Software tools / services available to check SAAS health monitorwip ate: (in Health monitoring dashlisands provided by the cloud service pocoides itself neths keek I track of event state of cloud service, any outages and scheduled mariterrance sessions. in , cloud computing Incidents Database (CCID) is a database of cloud service providers with recoled of the outages that have orcwered in their service temwere, to provide information to customers. jily F Internal A9 thoid fatty softwared that monder the health of cloud services like nagios and cloud watch. These softwares helf customers monter the status of cloud services forouided by fororiding te visualization, taliles Scanned with CamScanner and relevant statistics. Scanned with CamScanner 