QUESTION : 12 Ans. 21 Requirement for customers to montor Saas Health , 2.) The Saas capplications are completely dingrid ley the CSP, since the ( availability Management' is respondulity of CSP. However, each LSP may difine the eles and forms which it may take the responnulity of . 20 The twice level Agreement ( SLA) contains the specific management condution that the CSP would take care of. The custormes must, understand there SIA's in order to know about outage. 13.) The customer has to cestiniously monitor to that if it is informed prior to the outage it cay switch to some previous apltry on make meassany arrangements !!! Scanned with CamScanner (4) In can the customer is unaware of the outuge and the application is a luimio coutical application it cay caud treat damage to productivity, revenue, customer satisfaction 9 SLA 50 Certain SLA's require that customer ment report within a specific amt- of time, so that the CSP cay compensate for the damage caused. lig? for Google Services if the servicio are ( not met ace to SLA , wedit services one provided eg- google soucis: - Uplime Credit Lowice Days < 99.9 57 - 99 # 3 < 99 - 595 Mut customer must report withes 15 days ale morning is provided. 6 . Continuous Monitoring cay inalle the customy to Me informed about the schedules of Maintenance Accordingly the org. can inform its customers about the downtime or can switch to come alternative in ordy to avoid the Down time (7.) Conti monitoring can help the custo meu to know about the level of service provided Scanned with CamScanner If the service is unavailable of a rigular Nasis, then the organisation could opt for a diffwent CSP. 14 Hence, customers should manage & monitos the saas health to. ecome informed in advance about Dutage I witch to altunatives . informed about the rotation of the IL SLA . demand for micasany compensation from CSP. The software tool I ervices available to check Saas health ; - le Service Health Dashboard opting should be published ley the CSP. For ig Salesforce. com puliliches the wealth of its current services, recent outages and the maintenance schedules on its quebrites 2) Third Pasty Monitoring Tools -- There are a number of this pasty tools that auto malt the prom of monitoring the wealth egs Siteuptime conmis 3 Customer Mailing List - to provide modifications to the customas about the Health of D Scanned with CamScanner the sowie. CCID - Cloud Computing Incident Database that keeps a back of all the outage incidents B) RSS- Rich lite state should be published by the CCP to inform ustomus. Scanned with CamScanner 