Am- 4 -There is a layered defense approach to keep the data safe . This refers to- Physical Security ( 1 ) + Remote Access Coutual ( Authentication) (2) ~ Network level security (Firewalls , Douz ) (3) I Compute level security (s) - Data Storage Security ( s) 2 3 5 The data is secured and kept cafe at every low Also there are protocols and standards at each layer to keep the data safe within the layer. for ag there is firewall protection in the network layer and there is role based access control. Then there are biometric & CCTV servaillance for the physical server safety and for data in Fransit there is secure socket layer & Transpor Cover Security. - Data can't be accessed by others as there are confidentiality Standards which are met. This is done using encryption techniques and also IAM practice, which establishes the identity of the user and uses authentication and authorization policies to give access to the data, Also, there is trusted Platform module (TAM to prevent data from diff users to be mixed. to prevent - inorder data from being hacked or stolen, there is a layered defense approach which maintainis security of data at every level in the cloud storage. - Physical security - Remote Access control Network Revel security compute level Security Data storage security To prevent data to be stolen in rest - state, there care cryptographic encryption techniques and to prevent data to be stalen in transit there are encryption and network level securities, such as Secure socket layer (SSL) or TLS ( Transport layer security ) Also, strong enforcement of IAM access kolive Can not allow a hacker to access your data. as it will not be authenticated / authorized. - Yes, if there are any security measures involve a third party, then the certifications reading the policies and compliance will be provided . Also, any breach at our (CSP) end, will be reported to you. - The cloud security at on premise is maintainer I uses CCTV Ewrwe'llance to maintain the Physical server location Security - There is binited & Role Basedaccess control which means only withenticated personnel are allowed at the location. - The entry to location is marked by lio-metre identity management . 