( 4) addressing the following concerns - safety of data . The Rolety of data is of paramount importance. To ensure data at rest" is safe: verion's encryption techniques might be afflied. Also, to ensure safety of data in transit, secured protocols like SSL and TLS might be used. ( Secure ( Bronshort Boeket Loyer Royer Becurity Also, safety of dite is ensured at the actual flysical data centres too by employing soferwords like CCTV, 24/7/365 surveillance, biometric authentication etc . (ii) Customer's dota can't be accessed by other customers - This isolation is made possible by the use of I AM ine. Identity and Access management. IAM handles user authentication, authorization, user management and compliance to industry stendards. 3AAA'D = Authentication Authorization, Auditing are perfectly implemented using IAM . Also, XACML ( extensible Access control markup Language) is on IAM standard that ensures prefer implementation of access policies. Also, RBAL ( Role Based Access Control ) protocol provides access to only the eligible users . (ii) Prevention of Data being Rocked or stolen This as Insured at the physical data centres by the use of 24/7 surveillance, CCTV and Grometric authentication. torewall is also used to prevent any attacker from accessing the system. The servers that are most susceptible to attacks like mail server, web sower it's are kept in their own sub - network called demilitarized zone. Also, the use of IDS / IPS ( Intrusion Detection Systems / Intrusion Brevention systems) Relf in preventing data being Rocked or stolen . ( IV ) security Certifications from third party ISO / IEC 27001 gives guidelines for. ISMS ine information socwitty management system. Audit fromeworks like SAS 70, Sysbust, webbust ite are importent certifications that ensure credibility & reliability of CSP. PCI-DSS & HIPAA ore specific certifications for payment card industry & fealth insurance sector compamed respectively . (v) How does cloud security compare to on-premises security cloud security has an advantage over using 4 on on- themise date contre. In case of unprecedented circumstances like nottoral disasters, cloud can be helpful as it has comes of the date stored as backup. while this is not the case in forwate on - premise dote carre. Also, cloud seawity & on-firemise security of cloud data center go Rond - in - hond. Cloud security arequities firewalls , IDS/ IPS, etc while on- feremise security requires CCTV, biometric access system, 24/7/365 surveillance. etc. 