i.Cn To keep the data safe, CSP follows strict authentication
and authorization quidelives so that only people with
proper access can see the data . T # Even when the
data is in transit, the data is in an cacrypted format so
that it is
not understood by unauthorized personnel .
ITIL hetstandard specifieds guidelines for the some
(ii) The data cannot be accessed by other customers
as the CSP has implemented
firewalls and various other
techniques to isolate their resources from other customers in
VM . This
is called vid isolation . By implementing this ,
a UM loses
any communication with the other Vits in the
same server . ITIL stadord specifies guidelines for the sone
lli's The data cannot be hacked or stolen as there are
intrusion detection mechanism
which will detect any unauthorized
person trying to enter
or any anomaly in the network traffic .
There
ove HL algorithms A detect vany
unusual
activity 00
which can
be tracked by logging and monitoring services that
log the details a every activity
and the user that does it
ISO 27001
specifies quideliwere for preventing data from getting
Security cortifications from third party
stolen and ford logging
and monitoring .
(IV) Iso /IEC 27001 / 27002 provides certification for Information
Security management System ( ISMs ) according to the IS's quidelines
PCI DSS ( Payment Cord Industry Data Security Standard ) is
Compulsory for
any cloud provider dealing with card payments.
( v) Cloud security is more vulnerable to on premise security.
In on-premise security the organization can ensure that
the data flows through protected mediums and that
does
not
outside the premise in on unencrypted
form . They can also ensure that physical security is
provided and nobody & else has accers to their information .
Although on-premise provides more security, it also transfers
all the responablity on the organization. In cloud security.
CSP takes up most of the responsblity and organizations only
have to mantain security & the work they do.
