1 . All the concerns of the customer are addressed separately as following:- Keep data safe : - The data is to be kept safe while at rest as well as while In- transit. At resto - The data is encrypted so that the Confidentiality is maintained . Also, physical security is provided at actual location of storage through multifactor authentication like PIN & blonebonics. In-transit - The integration and security of data in transit is maintained using profonds like secured Socket layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (ILS). b . Data can't be accessed by other customers: The fear that data could be accessed by othey customers arises due to multitenancy characteristic of the cloud . Thus '- - proper islation of VMS is done so that they could hot interact with each other . - Separation of customers - for business critical applications , separate private cloud dedicated to one organization could be setup . - clearly defined SLA which Includes that cloud service provider will not sell or disclose data of its customers to other parties without their consent. @ Prevent hacking & stealing of data : - Multifactor authentication and authorization to be put in place so that unauthorized access could be avoided. - Adequate IAM processes undertaken which include authentication management , authorization management, access management, data provisioning management, entitlement managemet, compliance management, federation identity management, etc . d. Security Certifications from 3 rd parties !. Availability management ( ITIL) Access management ( ISO/IEC 27002 ) Vulnerability management (ITIL, IBor IEC 27002) Patch management ( ITIL ) Configuration management ( ITIL ) Access control management (Iso/IEC 27002) Auditing and monitoring management (150/ 156 270%) Besides thee many other audits and security certifications are provided to CSPs that ensure their compliance for regulatory and legal frameworks . e . Cloud security us On premises security : Physical security is an important aspect even in cloud security. This Is achieved throughs- - Constant CCTV surveillance. - multifactor authentication to access the premises . - disabling unused posts like unused USBs, etc. 4 Moreover , network is secured through Arewall , demilitarization of weak nodes, etc. This makes cloud security as good as on premises security. but with lesser cast because of economy of scale . 