$ 4 Ans. As a Cloud Scurice Provider, it is important to answer the concerns of customurs regarding date security. Regarding the question of keeping data safe; data must be kept safe while at rest as well as in transit. Fou data safety, while data is at rest, Encry ption is best method. scared encryption. It andards like RSA algorithm, AES, DES can be used. Fou data- in - transit safety, protocols like Secured Socket layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security CTLS) can be used. Multitenancy is a feature of cloud computing as well as a major security cancun. "For this, separation of customers and their data must be their. Authentication management and Authorization management using I AM standards like SAML can be used. Data getting hacked ou stolen, is another security conceun in cloud. Fou prevention of data from being hacked, we need authentication and authorisation management which can be done using IAM standards. Data must be saved from getting hacked while trans pouting on network by using protocols like SSL, TLS. To prevent data from being hacked and stolen remote access must be limited. Any unused bout on splively must be deconfiqueued As a last resout, physical security like d Multi-stef authentication to access selaveres, CCTV surviellance must be theore. Third - party involvement in the abblication when date is on cloud is a major conclun . Customcle should know about if CJP is awing any third party seuvice Sou any application like fou Identity provision. i.e. Idaas standards like OAuth of 1 AM are used to access data present in other CSP from own CSP. On-premice security is you sucke bettere since it becomes a private data center without any external access bud on other hand it is not so cheap. To concr the costs, cloud must be used and now a lot of standarization has been done fou data security a . privacy on cloud. Multi layered approach is used. today starting from physical security to remote access. then security at compute levels, like VM havedening DMisolation, security at network level like SSL, TLS, 3 'S firewalls, then stowing of data is done using robust encryption algorithins like RSA, Es, A ES et. 