Ans : 4
What do you do to keep my data safe ?
The CSP must follow some security standards ti
depending on the type of data.
V PCI-DSS ( Payment card Industry - Data Security standard),
I CSP should use this standard if the payment cards
( cudit card, debit card ) information is stored on the
cloud.
HIPAA ( Health insurance portability & accountability act )
CSP is storing some health related information
" sox (Sabores Oxley Act )
- if CSP is storing or dealing with financial data &
reports of a uses.
7.0
1 . Encryption:- must be applied to data stored on the cloud
So that it can't be accessed by unauthorized user.
2 .
I AM : ( Identity & access module) ! - To uovide usernames of
passwords to the users so that they can cancers their
authorized data and no one else can.
3. XACML: will reject the unauthorized access to the resources.
3)
Encryption :- Data can't be useful for hackers if it is
encryted. Asymmetric encryption can be used to make it more secure
2 .
Firewall:- Unauthorized access will not be allowed because
of firewall.
There are generally password breaches which help the
Steal
hackers to all the uses private data. so the CSP'S can
34
us those protocols which are based on Zero knowledge
proofs like it
1.
Secure remote password - Password is not. stored anywhere
On the cloud but still user is able to authenticate.
4 )
Sometime the CSR have to use some third party services
like
- Idoas ( Identity as a service )
for providing single sign
on capability to the
Securitlesen
So how to kue
where Iddos service provide is
providing confidentiality, Integrity & availability ?
- Usu must ask for the certifications from CSP so that
he can know where is data is going.
5 Cloud is not as secure compared to On-premise because
" it is provided generally by third parties considering
multitenancy in their mind to make huge profils.
- Also the laws of cloud are different in different countries
So if the CSP is in different country then there is
more lisk.
EU act ( European Union Act ) - if the date goes out of
their country, then the CSP's must aware their customer
so that they can take steps to either o migrate their
data to some other cloud or dibite their data.
