Aush : Information technology infrastructure library is a set of
( ITIL)
best practices and guidelines followed worldwise to maintain
information security, It uses WO/IEX 17799:2005 protocol to
comply with security concerns, Also 230- 27001 is an international
standard for information security management system that
inables CSR to ansurle major security concerns mentioned in the
question. Addressing cedeby orte the concerns?
a) what do you do to keep my data safe ??
Here thy customer is worried about any data privacy breach.
CSP needs to ensure that they are implementing the
regulatory
ITIL guidelines to maintain of safety of data,
Along forth that, highest physical lay
The frist three
concerns are about any data privacy
maintaining
breach, confidentiality , integrity of data, proper access tobeing
insured.
To keep the data safe,and to prevent access by
unwanted parties : The CSP has to take following steps
& to pulent it from stealth
Proper authorization and authentication + ) to keep the data
Safe, CSP must provide for multifactor authentication ( dynamic
passwords and biometric authentication ) so that the malicious user
cannot access the puoteded data And, role based access control
( RBAC ) is to
be puouided so that after authentication the resources are not used
by every person irrespective of what roles & responsibilities
they have. XACML requests should be generated to ensure
the user is authorized to access the data
Storage concerng Data should be stored in encrypted
form , in
an unstructured manner so that it is not
casily accessed by other customers Proper antivirus software are to be
CCTV
installed to protect security of VMS.
Physical security - viameras, 24x76vigilance of servers
Where the date is stored , proper authentication to enter the
physical premise where the data is stored.
Network security- Proper firewall configuration systems to
protect against hacking data trasmits, demiliticated zones to
create a subnetwork of applications that can be hacked easily,
SSL(socket security layer) and transport security layers (7SLS) to
maintain security of data at transits are the steps that can
be taken to ensure against hacking /stealing data
-- d) Are there any security certifications from 3 rd pavilies ? ?
this concern can be handled by mentioning that CSP adheres
to all the worldwide certifications like I) cabanes-Oxley Act -
which specifies guidelines for financial reporting by CSP
2 HIPAA - Health Insurance portability & accountability Act -
which lays doven guidelines to be followed by
"isvered entities" the possess protected health information
(PHI Que-PHI)
3) PCI-DSS - Payment card industries - Data security standards
that are to be maintained of the CSP deals with any
credit card transactions
4) COBIT- control objectures for information and related
technologies to bridge any gaps between cristing controls
and security requirements
