94 .
As an owner of major SSp.
Now on interaction with the client; it is figured out that the
client is marily concuned with security of the data; and since daia
security in cloud computing is the mjor concern; jouowing would be
conveyed to customer.
1 Data in rest and transit
I Data is always kept in secured format ) in encrypted journal whenever
it is stored and during transit; it is send through prolicted nellvork
and also again in everyption .
Data is not accessed by other lotomers because of IAM ( Identity and
Access Management ) (XACML standard ) where the user who has claimed his
identity into system; is authenticated and authorized only for the resources
and his own data as per the roles assigned to the customer. Hence
proper authorization denies the use of unauthorized use of data intentionally
O unintentionally .
3
Prevention Jug being hacked or doen :
Data is always kint in encrypted format and CIA model is followed where
to prevent unintentional or inuntional unauthorized attack ( Confidentiality )
or to prevent data from being modified while moving from one point to
other ( maintaining integrity ,
Decurity Certification
The CSPshould provide proper responability marin and regulation &
compliance etandards regarding security ( IsMs, ITIL , 'S0) IEC 27001 R
standards )
5
Glolemer should be made sure wat data is kept elcure
according to compliance & regulation of 3rd party and they can
regular monitor and checks logs accordingly.
Various security standards have been wated in order to
regulate the security and privacy of the wocomer's data on stoud
platform such as :
ITIL: Information Technology Instruction library which cater for
all the management of Information security technology .
ISO / IEC 27001 and 27002 standards for Information Technology
System Management. ( ITSM )
Proper system are there; working on security concerns: Ireformation
security Management system ( ISMS)
COBIT : Control objective for information & Relative Information is
there so as to bridge the gap beliveen business requirements
and services
Web Juist and systrust ; auditing harmawork to check in for
confidentiality , availability, integrity and security of data.
