( 4 ) X 12/ What do you do to keep my data safe : - Data- at- rest is a security Concern. Some cloud service providers do not encrypt the data at rest, which Is a potential threat to data security. It deals with storage principle . A Better practice is to always keep your deta at rest and data in transit in the encrypted form, so that even if malicious user Intercept it, it won't be able to sead/ decipher this. Security at physical level canalso be used to protect dafta at rest. How do I know that my data can't be accessed by other customers ? "Authentication" security Concern deals with this problem. only a validate user having correct username / ID or password should be allowed to access the data . Unauthorized person's should not be able to login into system & access data. It is known as ( Access Control', . . The unauthorized person should not be able to access / modify the data. What do you do to prevent the data from being hacked and stolen ? The first and foremost thing required to prevent data from being hacked is the physical security. CCTV surveillance ite can be used to avoid Stealing of data. Data must be encrypted to avoid hacking. Use of Firewalls and frequently upgraded anti-viruses can be ensured for the security fuerpose. Security at Network level lie Demilitariel cone can be considered Move vulnerable data can be in deep layers and less vulnerable data can be on outside layers. ( iv ) Are there any security certifications from third parties that I should know ? Usually, each cloud service provider provides with a security certification like BLA/SSL/TLS. There is a service level Agreement which states What all kind of securities are provided by the cloud service provider. SSL is secure socket Layer. There is not any standard sowice Level Agreement (SLA) , Every cloud service provides have their own unique SLA'S , providing different features. The cost of service varies according to the features provided by cloud service poovider . (I) How does cloud security compare to on -premises security ? In on-premise security, everything is in control -O of IT department. But cloud security is different. There are different defence strategies suchas security at Network Level, Security at compute Level, Security at physical level. The security at Network level deals with Firewalls and demilitarized zones . The security at Compute level consists of physical serugh security, VM security, Hyperjacking and guest operating system security, physical security deals with velocity of attacks, CCTV surveillance. There is a RBAC ine Role Based Access control Model also where only a authorized person. having access can logch into system. Hence, cloud security is more secure than on premise security. 