? ) This is time that paravirtualization outpayons full
hardware-level virtualization. But one problem with para
virtualization
" that in para- virtualization, we need to
modify the operating system while in full hardware virtualization
we don't need to do such modifications ao and the system
doesn't even know that it is being virtualized while in para
virtualization , we need to do modifications in the drivery of
the hyperwiser and Operating System drivers clue to which there
i" an grewhead and ot
3 0
So, the one advantage of file hardware virtualization
over para- virtualization is that we doust need to modify the
operating system in case of full-hardware virtualization
Diff is very important to monitor saas or Software as a Service
heallth. This is because saas health tells us everything about
the system
it's working , efficiency , problems etc.
if The saas health provided by the cast CSP, CUID we amy interval
or third party tells about the uptime of the SAAS application.
uis The Saas health should be monitored mouder to know
whether the application works according to the needs and with
required afficiency or y there is any need to do some modification,
Iv) saas health also talk whether the system & under
any threat or if there is any malicious software or
patch code that can lead
to security fore break .
."" V ) It is important to monitor Saas health because in lese of any
activity of threat or sccurity breach, the customer will get a
notification about this and take necessary actides
1b ) There are various melike/ took available to check Saas health,
1) The seas health can be provided by the CSP or the cloud
" Service Provider from there to frime.
i) CCID or cloud computing Trident Database can also be
used its monitor saas health. CCID maintain a databoa of all
Sie to and can inform iicase of threat.
iiis Even third party tools can be used to monitor SAAS
really and there are a lot of such
roos available . in
the f
. We can check SAAS health on
Mysaas health. com but it is paid
