AS In The sensitivity to sucks of ulser & sussurel is a met major aspect whom deciding the whatherr see most it was the cloud dechnology . The user's wesowices like the data it collects, his program cok ato very important for the firm and should only be hosted in cloud after all concerns have been successfully quashed. For storing data it is very important that the date being stored is carefully stored, it is not accessible to any competitor, iit isn't altered or deleted. Ex Consider a company like they facebook amornts It deals with a large of of Personally Identifiable Information (P11 ) on a daily basis In this case it is very importer Scanned with CamScanner that the data be securely istored and ho wuk only. No separate third party is ablesesto saccess it, like in the case of Cambridge Analytica, which gained theye access to its users by exploiting an -wer-book. API . - check the entire answer -book 11 , There are Various cloud deployment models .- answer-book shall be replaced like :" - Public - Private No page is to be torn - Hybrid disqualification This and various service models like " .. - Iaas - Paas - Saas Each sovice model has its security susponsibilities split between the cloud Service provider and the user! for eg : - In Toas of The CSP is responsible for - Perimeter Security - Access Control - Biometric Security Scanned with CamScanner - Network Security a shab of and the users is only . deresponsible for the security of the application hosted by hil ( 111 ) Various data storage and transfer mechany are provided by the CSP. Data Storage - Database storage - Steuctured vs Unstructured - Encrypted vs Itre Novencrypted Transfer - Public or Private network - Encryption - Use of network plustocals like SSL ar TSL. Example : - If we are storing Pll ser "financial data we would want the date to be encrypted both during transfer and dewring storage to avoid getting accessed by any unauthorized third party. Scanned with CamScanner 15 ting bok ages This TE iv, consider one of the proper cloud models like - Public - Pecivate - Hybrid u and choose one of them. If the cost saving or elasticity is our main goal then we should choose a public model, and wwe public cloud Service provider like Azure, AJS for the project, If data integrity and privacy is the main goal then we can choose a hybrid model, using a private sover for the essential and sensitive aspects and public for the other parts. If the entire project has to highly risk averse and private privacy is really important we should choose private mmodel. Example - For a company dike Flipkart habate public model is the best approach Scanned with CamScanner as it would allow the ability scale up immediately dwring peak howes and using a provider like Acure, AUS which are compliant with leading industry standards like PCIDSS . 26 We can check the health of our cloud services using a health monitoring program provided by the cloud provider fr using other third by party services which do it. They help in keeping that Scanned with CamScanner 