95) . Analyse the senstivity to risk's of user's resources. of my resources are on public cloud it will be more sensitive sick composed to private cloud. Due to multitenoncy of public cloud all users shoring a single reconoce or hardwore gives sise to the privacy of the stored data So Sensitive information is never to be stored in public cloud, and to be stored in private cloud due to higher security. Scanned with CamScanner Name Sm -vina Chardimant The cloud Service models require the customer to bo responsible for security at various levels of service. thing Soas => user is not responsible for the app security in this Service model. Entire responsibility lies with csp user is responsible for the security of the th the PoDs = ) in this Application he develops on the plattorm provided by which CSP. separa -eos =) in this service model the security responsibility on the from th user is highest, He is ocsponsible too security of Applicant y other O.s, middle ware. The CSP is only responsible for to a the security of infrastructure. › if That is why its important to know about different Cloud Service the types and their shared responsibility. ak . Understanding the date Storage A transfer mechanism is very important so as to know whether your data is being stood in private cloud or public cloud , whether it is being stored in encrypted form or not . Understanding of transfer mechanism is important so as to know is there any encry ption 12. applied to data in tronsmission. Whether the user is notified or not when tronstring of data from one location to another . OTAL Considering proper cloud to used . selection of proper cloud type according to your requirement is very important A cost e of ti effective. User have to decide based on their need which type of cloud to select private public or hybrid. If user wants to store highy sensitive doto private type of Cloud would be best for him with max level of semily If he wants to store or use date in high volume which is not very sensitive he can go for public cloud . Hybrid cloud would be suitable to person who has sa some sensitive files to deal with but also other data outh requires large Space. knowing which typ highly cost effective . type of cloud type to use will be Scanned with CamScanner 