5 ) . when one understands the sensitivity to risks for one's resource,
he can understand what kind of security measure should
be implemented , whether to look at a very secure and high cost
method or use a mediumly secure but a cost-efficient method.
Eg - If one is storing general details about songs and movies et,
there sensitivity to risk is low and thus, the person can look at a
cost- efficient cloud technology rather than a secured one . But in case a
person is storing credit card details or any financial details, he
needs to concentrate morre security than cost.
Scanned with CamScanner
. For SAAS ( speltware as a Service ). the CSP is mostly responsible for Security,
the user is only responsible internal distribution of information .
Four PAAS, the responsibility of customer increases as now, he has to
Secure the application he has developed on the platform on his
Own .
And thus far INAS, the responsibility of customs is highst.
g : Now, it customer is need of an application where he can just trust
on the CSP and there is no use of sensitive information, the
person can look into SAAS as a good option . But consider one
needs an application where very sensitive data is exchanged Colefense
data of carving for eq), it is best to ensure most security toorused
than the CSP, thus in this case IAAS on AAS can be used to
develop the application .
How is the data store, where is stored , cohout kind of
security is used, Is the data stored in a structed or unstructured
manner 9
How is the data transfered , which kind of network ( public or private)
is used to transfer data , Is the data integrity mantained
post - transferi
All these questions ned to be answered to know what
kind of cloud you are investing in and now sale your
data is in it.
Eg: If proper encryption is not used while storing or transfering
of data over public network , a sensitive lata ( financial records),
can be stored on that kind of cloud. Rigg Thus, proper
chick is required.
Scanned with CamScanner
. Deployment based as well service based propor cloud is required.
Eg: I) a company is looking to store sensitive information on cloud it
should be looking to get a paivate cloud rattre then a public
cloud .
Scanned with CamScanner
