Aum.S - When I am about to use cloud services for my organization, I am aware of the fact that I am putting my user's resources and PIT ( personally identifiable information ) in the hands of the cloud service provider. This involves risk as I have to trust the CEP with the sensitive information Losing the information can be a potential crime (especially in European countries ) which can put we under legal action . Thus I have to understand the entire security mechanism. of the loud and only hand over info to them when there is a 100% trust . Therefore it) is necessary to analyse the sensitivity to risks and accordingly question the CSP on those aspects to be sure. Scanned with CamScanner "As a user, if i am using the lond cowie, then i need to understand that the level of security of my data is as much a responsibly. for me as it is for the CSP. if the CSP offer a set of guidelines, then adhering to those 97 only would keep my data safe. f I do not comply to those rules, then I might lose my of data. A simple eg. if I share my credential S with an & unauthored entity. Now, this can lead to my personal loss, Similary, as an organization, to enforce such policies and regularly monitoring it becomes essential - So that the users are well informed and respon sibble for security. - I have the right to know how my data is to Stored and transferred. As much as it is a right it should be a responsibility too. As a user ey if I'm storing my data with a CSP, I should 294 be knowing how & where my data is stored & managed . This is essential as it would help me St be informed and I will be in a letter posit" Scanned with CamScanner ey to understand the security concerns regarding keeping my data safe. for eg if i know my the data is being transformed from one place to another, I should be using a secure network It will also help me in stay legally sound, t as some countries do not allow the transfer of data within their premises, from a less es Secure place. In such a case if Sido not know how f & where my data is veing transferred, I may be legally bubble to punishment iall - Have to use - Before using a cloud service, I have to ve least of the requirements and the purpose of need . Based on these requirements, I have to analyse the loud tyke. Choosing a wrong I,I cloud tyke might affect me in multiple ways ey security wise, cost wise, etc. fa le if I have to work on a very secured data say financial report of my customers, 9 Should be using a private cloud than a kubilic for better security reasons. Scanned with CamScanner 