CCTV,
( 5 )
. Analyse sensitivity to risks of user's resources
-
Understanding the type of user's resources
and the
eusk associated with them is a very infortent esfect
before moving to cloud.
if the user's data and resources are business critical,
it is of paramount importance that sufficient measures
be available to safeguard the data & prevent
unauthorized access .
if. A company has credit card user data, which is
private , Is push operations to cloud , one must ensure
the safety mechanism's in place.
The cloud service models
require the customer to be
responsible for security at vorous levels of source-
Before moving operations to cloud, it is important to
know what kind of operations or sources are being
provided by the CSP. By knowing what CSP provides
Scanned with CamScanner
& what we need, we get to know about the
gas present.
These gets need to be filled by the user, as it is
user's responsibility to ensure 1001 safety
28. In case of soas model, most responsibility he's with CSP
In case of loes user is responsible for everything fis builds
on the flatform.
In case of Jeas ,
the foundational security las with CSP but
everything else is the
responsibility of the user .
Understand. the data storage & transior mechanism friended
by the. CSP
It is infortent to understand how the date is strict on
cloud .
Ef. If the date is ensiness critical on the data is
forwate , it is imfertant to encrypt it with
storing
Similarly, dite transfer mmederium should we TLS / SSL
for transfering critical lite .
is a wer one must be sure of the freetees being
followed to store & transfer the data.
other crees of conecten be number of cofres stated,
retention time , destruction puling ite".
Scanned with CamScanner
cloud tyle to be used.
It is important to choose footer cloud type
lublic cloud is less costly so if there are not
of
much issues of date safety , foiwary etc, public
cloud is preferable.
if the date is private, business - critical, it is
advisable to choose ouiate cloud with ofprofouate safeguards.
And hybrid cloud provides a mix of public & fruvate
features .
do, some features can be fut in public while
the business cutcal ones can be put in fourate cloud.
4
Scanned with CamScanner
