A S. Analyse the sensitivity to rishy of user's resources - According to this statement, a usar should always hopes evaluate the security , availability , accountability & confidentiality parameters of the Faloud. The data that a company A deals with is highly sensitive ( medical or financial data) + business critical, Such data abcould never lee exposed to a public cloud directly on hosted on it as it increases security vulnerabilities. In case of a beach, the company will be responsible for data loss in the eyes of clients and would loose it's business and reputation, I whatleist is wth taking wish should bbe evaluated. 2) Cloud service models ---- versions levels of server - There are A different cloud service models #Sces , Paas of Icons and Rach ? requive the customer to be responsible to a different degree . This is because with each model the user gets a different level of control over the underlying architecture, with increased coated the responsibility increases to intuire, protection at each level. 37) understand the data storage and thanster ---- - service provider - The data atorage and transfer mechanism is a key comparent of down security in cloud , Scanned with CamScanner By. Consider a CSPA A, does not implement encryption while data is in transit , then it is exposed to the network . A hacker can swoop in the process and steal or const it. Consider proper cloud type to be used- fach cloud type has it's van degree of content and benefits . This should be considered for the type of project to be used , rey Consider a company A that provides online shopping service to it's " client. It should figure out Whether it should implemented on ! a Paas of Iaas model as both have diff If ying control over. architectuure ., It should also consider whether to use a private or public cloud or a hybrid depending on the C data stored . "- 22 Continued . ! ! ry, "In Suas model the customer's main purpose is using the service, so he love is least concerned with making it secure. That is CSP's away, While in "Iaas , the customer is responsible for the stack from the ground up. This, he is responsible for it at all levels (except the hardware UMM ), Scanned with CamScanner 