As - 5
Multitenancy is a major attribute of cloud
Computing but can make a quesouwice
( user's resource) move vulnerable to potential,
Juste. Also, with velocity of attack factor, one
breach or one defect in one resource can easily
aspread into another resources as well.
this, as a user, one should properly
analyse
the sensitivity to stick to avoid
potential faults . For example , suppose theme
ace 10 tenants, user A being one of them. There
is a major hacking happened in one of the tenant
resource, away B's ,. Now this can further
affect underlying diesource making other tenant's
( idedyA) resources vulnerable.
RO
in theree
services of cloud computing ,
Saas, Jaas
and laas customer responsibility of
sewing
the system varies. Before using any of the
service, a user should fully understand his!
her responsibilities in protecting the csystem.
For example : In Iaas, CSP is responsible only for
managing haidwake / storage.
while a customer has to
check the make sure that middleware, application
and OS part is servore.
Now, in paas, CSP is overponsible for underlying
hardware presowives E middleware platform but a
customer is
the application .
oresponsible for development a deployment of
Scanned with CamScanner
3 )
A customer should definitely check about a cloud's
data storage & transfer mechanism auch as how
Cloud ensuores data security while data-in-guest &
While data-in- flight. Whether estorage is vulnerable
to unauthorized access on unauthorized Outegration . It
proper encryption is there .
For example : . A Customer not ensuring whether
pooper access is managed by cloud
can raise the
possibility of unauthorized access. Suppose customer
A did not check with the cloud about their transfor
mechanism & went on- board with the cloud on his /her
private data. Now if cloud doesnot uses proper
encryption techniques can lead to a serious data breach
S
Analysing the budget, target audience and required
attributes in a service can help a customer to
decide the ideal cloud type. Let'say customel
A wants to put his/ her services on cloud with
a developed audience. A's company is well reputed
for providing fast services. Now to maintain this
reputation, A should go for private cloud to not let
latency affect the developed reputation. Meanwhile, A
did not came about this aspect & went for public
Cloud swining the speed of services &i hence
losing customers .
thus, before using cloud technology, one should
consider proper claud type.
Scanned with CamScanner
