Anos
. When a user uses a cloud service, he or she would
put data and their own resources ito into it. Dala
is one of the biggest resource. If a user sharing his
her data with a cloud provider , they need to be swir
that it will be safe. For example, if I upload
some sensitive documents to Google Drive, I would
want the CSP, ie. Google, to keep my data safe.
and if they can't keep it & safe, they should
specify in beginning so that the user can make a
true risk-return tradeoff and decide wheather to
use that service or not.
Different cloud Services models like Iaas , Paas & Saas
offer different level of security and thus requires the
Customers to be responsible for security at various
levels. In models like Iaas, where user has the
maximum control, it is the responsibility of the user to
take care of security protocols, authentication methods,
and what not. on the other hand, in services like
Scas, most of the responsibility falls on the shoulder of
CSP. Since CSP is responsible for infrastructure, platform
and software, uses won't have much responsibility
to implement his own security standards.
Scanned with CamScanner
Thus before using cloud services the uses needs to bo
equipped with tools required to implement Security.
On this basis, he can use which security
& service model to choose.
As a user , one should know how the data is being
transferred and stored by a CSP before taking its
service. for eg, earlier whatsapp didn't use encryption
( saas )
for sending messages to one another which was
really unsafe . Anyone could have performed a MITM
( man in the middle ) attack and gain sensitive information.
But now whatsapp uses encryption for data in transit
which makes it much more safe. The same can go
for storage too .
Hence it is the responsibility of the user to understand
the data storage transfer mechanism.
Different users will have different needs when it comes
to cloud computing services. There are different
deployment models users can choose from like
public, private and hybrid
Scanned with CamScanner
for eg. A private company that needs to Store sensitive
information like financial transactions and company's
turnover, would want a certain amount of security
than compared to an online chatboard where
anyone tapp can post any net message. Then the
company will go for a private cloud deployment
on
rather than public to maintain higher security
standards and safety.
This user has to analyze his needs before choosing
ion
a suitable deployment model .
1 4
Scanned with CamScanner
