Ans. A lot of analysis nuds to be done as a customce
before starting to use cloud technology os a
bussiness venture.
- Analysis of sensitivity to risks of usare's resolvices.
User's Data can be very private information which
is also called PIE. This data, if stolen or leaked
can be misused by various unsocial agencies. Fou
example, consider health information of patients, if
it gets leaked, then pharmaceutical companies can
mis use this
information by catcogrizing people
according to their health and showing ads accoud ,! !
So, it becomes very important to analyse the
Scanned with CamScanner
seuitivity of wink involved . There should be propre documentation
of what security issues come towards castornew and what gay
to cloud so as to be colian who is responsible in case
privacy breach hotporu.
- The cloud seuvice models require the certamen to be
robersite for security at various levels of service
Comida Infrastructure as a Service, CSP is just providing
hardware, every other thing is on water and hence resp.
ensibility of security goes on uscle.
In Paas, CSP is providing complete blatfourn while
development is on hands of user , so it becomes a joint
responsibility that CSP doesn't have loopholes in platform
while user make seemed abblication on this platform.
In Sans , CSP is majorly responsible for security since
will just uses application, all development fast is on
and admin
CSP .
centrol.
- Data streak must be efficient and soque, what if someone
copies all dato from seuver itelf cuingremote access
deately privacy is compromised So, security of data
seutel to disallow unatpropriate remote access, as will
an fphysical security of data center null for theme
Data tranifull mechanism is important since date can be
compromised in tranmit as well. It must be encrypted
y rowed protocoles like SSL, TLS, also the limitation
principle of privacy must be used to allow movement
Scanned with CamScanner
of data into only some countries since privacy laws chat
from vary strict in some contrice to non existent in Ion,
parts of would.
. Protece type of cloud needs to be und. Considere a combe
which has no skilled IT team and takes PAAS scavo
model, mence they will need to develop on it but
they don't have team.
Similarly, on deployment models, an informed drone
must be taken based an the privacy of date way
to use public cloud you it an private an a hyp
cloud .
Scanned with CamScanner
