E .
9. Sensitivity to suisk of user's resources
Organizations may deal with very critical information
and processes. Any threat to resources of such
organization may put all the dependants of the
organization at Just.
Example !
- Consider a government organization that deals with
intelligence information. Any compromise to such Information
may become a threat for that government or the
entire nation .
- Consider another organization that processes very critical
information all the time, any unwanted downtime will
lead to loss to that organization de well as people
dependent
on that resoure.
b .
Customer responsibility
for security at various levels
In the eyes of law as-well-as public, the organization
is responsible for the security of the data that it
owns or is a custodian of . Even if the organization
do not have any control over the security standards
followed by its CSP, the onus of security lies on it.
Example :
An organization that has showed information opabout
its clients over a cloud will be considered responsible
for any breach or disclosure of such information
in public domain without the consent of Its clients.
Even if the CSP was unable to prevent surtia breach
the clients of the organization will frame it to
be responsible for the broeach.
Scanned with CamScanner
C. Data storage and warsder mechanism provided by CSP
The CSP has to store date in most secured from
so that Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability (CIA)
of the data could be maintained.
Proper encryption before storage, use of secure
transmission using SSL/ TLS and keeping redundant
copies as a backup are essential .
Also, destruction of thed data cohen requested by the
customers is also equally Impostait.
Frampdea -
The business that kmaintains its sales ledger
on cloud will want
24x7 availability, this
backup copies are required.
Alco,
ho
intruders should be able to see the stored
data, hence encryption .
Finally, no modification in the data, i.p, maintaining
integrity is Important.
8. Proper cloud type to be used
The cloud could be selected when business requirements
are pre-defined. Ato, the security and access control
requirements should be defined to make it easy to
seit a cloud type.
The CSP should also mention all the internal as well
as external security controls that it uses so that the
customer can make an intromed decision.
The decision could also be influenced by cast , type
of service required or deployment location of the
Cloud.
Scanned with CamScanner
Example !
A cloud providing best security controls, flexibility, customization
options according to business needs and transparent
responsibility matrix would be selected over others.
Scanned with CamScanner
