Aus 5 (2) Analyse the d senstivity to risks of users resources . This is a very important aspect as the user should know everything about the usage of the resources being provided to the cloud Service Provider. what all risk principles are used like collection Limitation, Use Limitation, Transfer principle , Accountability principle, Scanned with CamScanner Retention and destructions principle etc are kept in mind. For example: A CSP doesn't tell exactly about how the users resources will be exactly used here we should not use services of a CSP like this. Aus 5 ( 2) The cloud service models require the customer to be responsible for security at various levels of service . Taas Paas Saas Customer's CSP'D Responsibility Responsibility Hence as we move pom Iaas to Saas the respossibility of security shifts, from customer to the CSP according to the Shared Responsibility Model. Scanned with CamScanner For Example : of a user is using AWS Iaas to deplay and run some e- mail service , he will have to take care of the security where as if ## user uses GMAIL Saas them all Security responsibility is with CSP ( google here). Aus 5(3 ) Understand the data storage and transfer mechanism provided by the CSP. . - This is also a very important and critical aspect as how will the data be stored , what are the encryption standards , ist someone governing the data storage and transfer or not .... is SSL / TLS being used or not etc For Example: If a CSP doesn't tell regarding the data storage A transfer them the CSP isn't safe for usage and one should not ye services given by that Csp. Scanned with CamScanner Aus 5 ( 4 ) Consider proper cloud type to be used. - This is the most basie yet most important aspect as according to the usage of the user the specific cloud type should be selected from Public / Private or Hybrid clouds. for Example: if a user wants to host a blog them he must go for public cloud , if the want's some finance related application then he must go for Private cloud, if he wants both the functionalities them he must go for Hyperid cloud. Aus 6 ( a) Health Monitoring of Paas can be done in the following ways .. ( 1) Health Monitors Provided by CSP: Various CSPs which provide Paas abre provide users with health monitors for checking the health & the systems. Scanned with CamScanner 