scencomo . 5 The user should analyse the sensitivity to risks of user's resources . The user should Consider collection privacy principle and Use principle. only those resources from the user's should be collected which are required and the use of those resources should be as minimal as possible. The resources , should not be used for the purpose they were not intented to use for. The user should consider if the service provider provides the sufficient security or not. Scanned with CamScanner The cloud Service models requires the customer/ to be responsible for security at various levels of service , In most of the cases, the organization is hold responsible for any security breach or data leakage. The organization should ensure that their data is stored in enurypted form in the cloud, So that no unauthorized person or malicious user can access the data. The user should go through SLA ie service level Agreement before opting any services from cloud service provider The user should understand the data storage and transfer mechanism provided by the cloud service provider. The user should check if the data stored is in unencrypted or encrypted form. For how long the data is stored at cloud service provider? who looks at the data . HOW does the transfer of data happen? Does the country in which your data is transferred provides same level of security and privacy as the country in which your data is currently residing, Civ2 The user should consider the proper cloud type to be used according to his/her needs or requirements. If their is a business Critical situation where privacy is of higher concern, the user should use private cloud, But if the user can not afford costly service, then he can opt for public cloud, If the user is partething with other users who have same requirements as on Scanned with CamScanner his, he can go for community cloud. Hence depending upon the cost, security and privacy, the user can consider proper cloud type to be used. Scanned with CamScanner 