95. As a wave; analyses of following aspects is important because :
1. analyse the sensitivity to risk of the user's resources.
The user resources should not be made available or accessible to others
for their weage. Now since cloud computing follows concept of
multitenancy; it should be known to the consumers ; how their data is
stored in cloud computing environment and how it is protected from other
wir's accessorice many users data reside together. Also ia should be
known to user; if the sensitive data is retained in some other locations
and if an user's danand to delete the data; is the data permanently deleted
from all records ; stirce data shredding also posses a risk of hackers attaching
vinto syscom.
2
Cloud service models requin wwstomer to be responsible for security
at various level of service .
Now cloud computing Jouons shared responsibility model where both loved
service provider and users consumers cure responsible for security- Hence the
WALL. should maintain a responsibility malin to usperly arrument who
would be responsible for what services in what respect . Responsibility doesnot
only depends on cup; CAP must propuly document its responsibility to the
consumers byore diliving the services.
3 Understand data storage and mrnofer mechanism provided by
cloud service provider .
Main area of concern for the user is how to data stored and is hamstered
Scanned with CamScanner
from one point to other for validus requirement because of the
Q6
data is nt lored in proper format ; it could be easily understoodable
by harkeus . Hence weer should be aware of how the data o slored
( maypled format ) and data is transferred from one position to other in
secured and protected network; providing ; compute level security and
network level security ( fucivalls and dumilitiazed zone
conside pione cloud type to be need :
He
Week should have identify and analyse the requirements and services
da
that it requires and then select and compare various CSP Ithers
Hen
service model and deployment model ) . Now service model and
( de
disneyment model should be such that it suits their needs and
requirement serie dyjeunt deployment model has its own pies and
VU
lons and ayjerent services ( has its own level of responsibility on
Consumer and CSP and resources that would be auraitable by CAP to
aas
Consumer according to service model selected - Soas , Paal, Iaas )
for
h
Scanned with CamScanner
