Ans 5 : a )-Analyse the sensitivity to risks of user's resources.729. "If the user is using Paas, user should take care that his own resources donot have to bear the risks associated with the cloud services , of the. underlying platform get's attacked, then this own application might stop because of it, So , user will have to keep in mind this attachment between the resources doesnot create risk for user resources. Scanned with CamScanner b ) customer is required to be responsible for security at various levels's It is very important that customer goes through service level agreements properly and knows his responsibilities as a many times , the actual owner is still the customer and any legal implications will be borne by him. Also, there is a shared responsibility model that is followed in cloud services Taking an example: say, a customer X enrolls in a Paas model and utilizes the Java platform provided by cloud to launch his application . Here , the CSP' is will provide the security only for the services it is providing is database management, storage, OS but the security "concerns associated with application ( like authorization, authentication ) are to be managed by customer and he will be ultimately responsible for any breaches as far as the hacking of application is concerned see if a virus tries to malfunction the application c) Data storage & transfer mechanisms:- It is must that the customer knows the policies and mechanisms followed by CSP as far as data storage and transfer is concerned. Data storage : - Customer should know the location of the data centres where his / her data is being stored, he needs to ensure that puoper physical security is provided ( CCTV cameras, multifactor authentication ) to perevent against unauthorized access. Also, data should be stored in encrypted Scanned with CamScanner form and in an unstructured manner to save it from being hacked. Customer should also ensure that CSP followy the data privacy low f directive of the country where the data is stored Data transfer : - Network security is to be ensured when date is being transferred from one site to another, Proper firewalls, de-militarized zones, transport layer security Standards are must, customers should also take care that the country where the data is being transferred has same data privacy compliance standards as the customer's demand, D ata should always be transferred in encrypted and aggregated form to maintain data integrity eg? fif the data is stored in an unecrypted forum and is transferred without aggregaling if and in a sleulivred manner, it will become too easy to hack it and decode it. a ) I consider proper land type"- It is very necessary that the customer is fully aware of the type of cloud services ( Public, private and hybrid ! he is availing . for ego of X wants to avail infrastructure as a service A wants to avail cloud services, he should make a well known decision ontype of cloud. if the goes for public cloud, his security will be compromised and date will be stored off premis and same resource shall be shared by multiple users But if he goes for private cloud, he will or not be sharing it with other users and date will be more secure but his cost is bound to increase so be customer should analyst Scanned with CamScanner the requirements of his company furst as if he stores confidential data on a public cloud, he might have to face dire consequences. Siteuptime.com Scanned with CamScanner 