And : 5 9. A client person must analyse the sensitivity to risks of their resources. It mainly depends on wells data. If a uses is entering their debit credit card information then he must be aware of standards used by CSP. He must check for PCI-Dss Standard, before saving his card Information in the cloud. He could go bankrupt if Someone stral his cord info . " A user must know the Country of data center of CSP because laws changes with territory. I. CSP is taking wars dato to a country where there are no laws regarding Scanned with CamScanner cloud security them users dato is at sush. 2 Uses must be aware of it his/ ley "Don responsibility towards the Security of his / her resources. CSP is not responsible for every security breach, data theft etc, sometimes lisles are also responsible. In the lifes of public & government users are the culprit of their own mistakes. If a way off for Saas , then the usey generally need to worry about the credentials to use the sevices lest security is I handleed by CSP. te if a usu opt for Iaas; then the CSP will take care of provisioning of resources & network. Rut other things like database, application security etc is in hands of client . In case of Pcias, both CSP & uses have their set of responsibilities. CSP is responsible for DB security, OS Security & middlewares security. uver is responsible for the application Security 3 This is very important because the laws of every country are different regarding the cloud service. So a user must know where the CSP data centre is located & what are the laws governing on this data. his must be given the right to decide the transfer of Scanned with CamScanner this data in other countries. I cloud type :- There are 3 types of deployment modeles :- 1. Public 2 Private 3 Hy baid All the typer provide different type of security. Public is east secure while rivate cloud is highly secure. The Security of hybrid is in between public & private ( 4) So the use case must be studied die in order to rilict the proper cloud type. Scanned with CamScanner 