(54) As a user, before using cloud technology, the
following aspects should be analysed:
. Analyse the sensitivity to risks of user's resources;
Before using a cloud technology, a user must research
the cloud service provider; their recent privacy breaches,
then reputation, their policies security, privacy &
regulatory policies that they comply with etc.
By researching & analysing the cloud service provider
the user can take an infoaude & decision on
whether to use that cloud service & consequently
minimize there own risks to this gresources.
Else, if they choos a make a wrong decision, they
hes ources
one at a risk of being bleached, misused, hackedets
Scanned with CamScanner
. The cloud service models require the the customer
to be responsible for security at various levels of
service :
The cloud service models consis of laas, Paas &
Saas.
The user should, before using cloud technology,
decide what service he/ she requises i.e. Infrastructure,
platform or Software. This will help: the user to
responsible
for
not have to maintain, or treate his own
services that the CSP can already take call
of .
For eg : If a user wants to only use
a
cloud application, they can use Saas in
which the CSP is responsible for taking care
of everything from security to
infrastructure ,
platforms & maintenance of the applications.
The user does not need
to be responsible
for the app's security.
Scanned with CamScanner
. understand the data storage & transfer mechanism
provided by the CSP :
It is important for
the user shouldto understand the data storage & transfer
mechanism provided by the CSP.
# for eg: If a CSP stores data in another country
or transfer data to another country whose security
policy enforcement is weak, it can pose a
risk
threat to the user's data being breached &
mis used.
Consider proper cloud type to be used.
The user should consider the proper cloud type ic.
pirate, public, hybrid or community, to use according
to his /her own requirements. By choosing the
the used
right cloud type, can get the foo
For eg :
a user is an
employer &
which requires security or confidential
wants to use a cloud
service
for his business
the user should opt for private cloud as
it can provide more security, privacy
confidentiality & flexibity to the as. The user
Can customize the cloud resources according to
Scanned with CamScanner
the organization's requirements.
The The user's requirements can be met
by analyzing & choosing the right cloud
type
Scanned with CamScanner
