Answer - 1 Virtualization is a process through which by using a Specialized saftwas called hypervisor , we can run multiple virtual machines over the same hardware . Virtualization is one of the integral parts of cloud computing In virtudization, the hypervisor acts as the layer between the hardware and the quest OS . There are three types of virtualization : 1 . Full Virtualization 2 . Para virtualization 3 . OS - loval virtualization Need al virtualization : virtualization is needed in order to fully realize the potential cloud computing. Cloud computing basically mears to access and use the resources which you do not have . These resources are said to be in the " cloud " . Now if we are provided the hardware and we want to run our application or any program on that hardware , we can we the virtualization to set up a virtual machine and use it with a guest operating system. Virtualization also provide an isolated environment. All the virtual machine & guest 05 , are completely independent of eachother and work in isolation. One of the major aspects that a company corsidans while ofting for cloud computing is security Because of the multi-terarcy feature of cloud -computing s a Scanned with CamScanner question can be roused about the Security became multiples ySONS one accessing the some hardware. But when using virtualization , the all the virtual machines are islated and this alle camp the data camplately secure . from the perspective of He Chand Services Provider (isp) , virtual .. .. hells in the complete utilization of the hardware . As the CUP ewandler that the esowes they have to to vitiliral completely By waring virtualization I having multiple guest umans accessing , the ensures that the hardware resources ne being istilised 46 their full extend. . Para - Virtualization : An para- virtualization, the hyperion in installed an an hast operate. System and the had Os. brew that it is being virtualized GLAD Cured Hyperviron 09 Hardware Scanned with CamScanner The drawback of para - virtualization is that the OS has to be modified so as to accomodate the hypervisor. The change to the host of can take time & the host Os nos to communicate with quest OSs as well X Scanned with CamScanner 