Quest - Need of vialuatization : - 1. > Provider fault tolerance love on virtual Cinte the amputation being Jesousces dates physical AMcounted , do if one than of the virtual peroMES faulty , the processing can be easily whifled to another vistidal machine that fairiding you'll tolerance opportunity to multiple OS on a simple hardware Vintualisation emoller multiple operating dysterms and vendors to that toomof different of chardware . g . windows OS ad welk as Linux OS I am simultaneously by of virtualination. 3. Cost effective simet you don't have to incur the cost purchasing & maintaining noilly infrastructure like ACCES losage etc . all this calered by virtualisation you. are using resources virtually . The mint mising corts ! 4.) Effective Utilization of Resources Virtualization makes the physical resources war lable to the customers as when werded . So its the . case that ANOUSLES are sitting idle . Atio , vintualization makes Aume that the wecole ale Oses are. met . the resourLES of are also not handed Over to Just come requesting Os. This helps im effective utilization of the Computing VERDUREES . Scanned with CamScanner 5 . ) VM Migration during maintenance All the resources require some maintenance time, to the maintenance can be carried out without affecting the services of cloud tprovider . VM thelbs the maintenance work to ratssy Migration without distrupting services. 6.7 Improves operational Efficiency sivee virtualization enables almost all timme hast service the resources, the organizations work efficiently and there NO difficulty in 1etching the resources - Thus the operations go E very smoothly & in a timme efficient manier. Provides speed and Agility since the virtualization deals with UMM doing majority work fetching the hadware resources do it a comparatively faster way providing services . Thus of improving the service whole . Scanned with CamScanner Drawbacks of Para Virtualization :- Oses are in forumed about virtualization resources In para virtualization, the emulation of hardware are made aware that wot there as the oses nooperate they are being virtualized so that they hardware resources with the hypervisor to felch wisely . This is against the whole concept isolaled' independent virtualization which states that a single system. madware machines should Niflating the basic principle of virtualization. 2.7 Modification of is required The quest operating dys terms have to be modified so to that they can iveplement the API exchange hypervisor calls with the hypervisor . So is an overhead . 3.7 Periodic synchronization blow Hypervisor & G.o.s. The hypervisor drivers & Gos drivers mutually work together . This sequires the to work in sync with the hypervisor . Any updates to either q G.o.s. or hypervis os have to the reflected an other party as will. Thus true its a cumbersome process. Unappealing to major Vendors windows D . S does not support modification in its Twy it dois not support para virtualization. leads to restriction i'm the no . of oses available for para virtuali zation . Scanned with CamScanner 5.7 9 :0. 5 taking more time for installation Since it requires the modification of Gio.s. so it will take. mose time for installation on the para virtualized Environment. Scanned with CamScanner 