Quest Virtualization :
In Cloud Computing, virtualization refers to the process
of creating virtual copies of computing resources in order to
simulate these copies as real resources.
Virtualization is a very important aspect of Cloud computi
-nq. For cloud Service providers (Csp's ) to be able to provide
adequate computing resources like storage, processor access,
etc ., it needs virtualization .
Need of Virtualization's .
1. Virtualization enables the CSP to pool their resources
to get maximum efficiency and utilise them to full extent.
2 . Virtualization increases the performance of a server
by accomodating multiple useus and providing them
processor execution time a simultaneously 6 reduced the
idle time for the server.
3. It also helps in balancing the load on Server by
VM Migration VM Migration is very important technique
used by CSP's to balance the load on a seuven by transfer-
-ing virtual Machines to another idle leiver . This is only
possible with the computing resources being virtual. The
Scanned with CamScanner
Virtualization is of 3 types :
1 . Full- Virtualization : In this type of virtualization, all
the vintual machine " all completely isolated from one -
- another and moest very machine acte as if it is
The sole owner of the server.
2. Para - Virtualization : In this type of virtualization, all
the virtual machines are aware "of other VM's and that
They are virtual and not the sole owner. This ook
reduce the time required by the VM manager to translate
all the requests.
3. 04- Virtualization : In this type, there is no thardwall
component managing - the VM's. Infact, the host os itself
manages the VM's
Drawbacks of Pasa - visitualization
In
To to Para-virtualization to the resource request
by a UM is directly addressed by the sewer instead of an
hypervisor ( VMM ) mediating between them. To enable
Auch procedure, #specific modifications in The
operating systems are required so that it can directly
# communicate with the host for any resource
request .
Since not all operating system allow for custom changes,
not all . OSh canbe alsed in para-visitual environment.
Scanned with CamScanner
