Need o Virtualization - Utilisation of Resources All the System hardware to should be ctilibed with jis maximum?? capability and Mence due to virtualisation different vistual machine are able to execute simentamcousy on a single hard ware. Create an Independent platform for all user Virtualisation create an independent platform All all guest os can run simentoneost on a single machine , hardware. 3 Cost Effective Way Virtualization reduces the cost of computing resources . As many user are able to Use computer resourcees at the Same time . Provides Security to independent Usir. Vistualization mainteams security for each Guest Os as EachOs works individually without involvement of another Gustos data. Scanned with CamScanner 5 Increase the limit of Comuputing Resound As virtualisation is done to prevent resource to multiple systems so theis computms ermit ts been pushed to max, as a single system con cise upto all completing resource of diff computo. Drawback of Para Virtualzation Need to calter the Operating System In para Virtualization as the oppoations System need to Intiguate with Hypeoviso, to casay out instructions, So operating system is needed to be altered As itis functionality is needed to be changed Applikation Guest .. 1 Cpesalirg Operath's System ( Syst I podlives PD Driver Hyper visor System Hardware Scanned with CamScanner (11) Micsoft type of as any not compatible Microsoft type of as are not compatible Os inese type of us are not modified Be Hence Special mr. API need to be made to contiguit from (111 ) All guest Of Operating System Grun some operating System Satis the imitation of para Virtualization that guest Operating System should be Same . Guest operating System knaus trafly Jo been Vinualked Guest operating system knows what it So bten virtualArd Honce intignate with Hyprovisor to use System Handware resarces. nestes Im fully vistualisation if need most to woory about !! (v) ant Only Compatiable with Lime a+is only compatiable with Linux. Scanned with CamScanner 