Q1 Virtualization is essentially abstraction ovel physical resources. in the scenario of cloud computing, following are the factory explaining why virtualization is important and its need . Virtualization enables pooling of resources over physical systems. It is due to virtualization, that different sewers could Share same hardware resources . Virtualization enables multi-feuancy, i.e supporting multiple tenants of different organizations, sharing storage, network and other resources. 3. Different types of virtualization have different capabilities. Some & them provision installing different OS's on the same physical machine, thus giving users the freedom to choose which ever Quest Operating system. they want to use . aluator Scanned with CamScanner 4.7 It is due to virtualisation, that UM Migration Is possible. Many times, for the reasons ) load balancing, fault tolerance or maintainence purposes, VMS have to be nugrated from one playsical sever to another. This is possible because visualiets enables and permits VM Migration Without the need a VM shutting down. Operational efficiencies ace achieved by using virtualization. Time, money , resources, VC ofc" are used judiciously if the Resources are Virtualized for the machines, le les requirement ] porfessionals handling the operations and theirs , we have to train less number " people . It saves both cast and efforts of people. 11 2. Scanned with CamScanner Para - virtualization is the technique when the quest 0 perating Systems are aware of the fact that they are being virtualized , so, para virtualization removes low level emulation of hardware resources . But there are many drawbacks para - virtualization as well, for para- virtualization, Ciwest O.S. has to be modified to cooperate its drivers with, hypervisors drivers , But many proprietary Operating Systems , like Microsoft Windows, cannot be modified . So , para - virtualization doesn't go well with these vendors of ipropriety solutions. ar Para-Virtualization ..... creates a tight dependency between Quest 0 perating System and Hypervisor: Now, if any of these gets updated, version compatibility: becomes an issue as the other has to be updated accordingly . 3.7 Modifying the Guest Operating System opens areas for security vulnerabilities in guest 0is, as well as hypervisor. luator Scanned with CamScanner 