Ano : ( 1 )
Need of Virtualization :
. Considering virtualization is method of abstractionn of the
. physical resources on the same hardware . In other words ,
creating an essence of using the adual resources itself
instead of the virtual way, where the syskin felle completely
isolated is what is virtualization .
. Need of mistinalization arises whom , there are n' mo of users,
that want to use some specific service provided by some cap.
Creating different servers & mainling different / vidundual resources
you each would never be an efficient lask.
. Since mistualization, encourages or implements the use of poiled
Resources, making sure, the serunce secievers all mot
effected by the other cutain service secuvers using the same pool
of resourcees , makes the use of resources afficient & quiile ' .
Virtualization is a cost effective manner of promding
requested resources.
. The different systems ( quest Os's ) part of the virtual system
Scanned with CamScanner
have the freedom of choosing their respective operating systemss
they want to work upow for their burners.
the VMM docent slow down the process of resource
allocation by any amont ( possibly very swall effect )
Jame seences, same physical resources, at a single location for
lange customer base also makes the idea of securing theuk
easy which istead, securrying them adividually would have
been tedious and costly .
Fault detection also becomes comparitibly easy .
0
Villinalization peroinder with the facility of remote access,
hence should be prefered .
- there are different types of nativalization methods :
- full Virtualization
- Para Virtualization .
The problem faced is the full virtualization methods is solved
by 'para nintutization method . ( PV )
. Considering the basic fundamental behind PV is to make the
quest OS's arware off the other guest OS's, in order to
make the resources be used in a cooperative jashrow
Scanned with CamScanner
between the vaccins VM'S using it it jaas cutan drawbacks :
Considunig , how the VM's need to be arace of the other consumers ,
votrement of devers is there which make the communication
beliveen the VMM & UNI'S easy .
.
Certain allication is the VM's OS is expected to be made,
which doesn't allow big propielary fums like Microsoft become
it's customes.
- Hence, modification of the underlying OS to include API's is
a draw back.
Although there exist certain drivers that can surpass the
modifications required, but as a whole, it's a cumbersome fast.
Scanned with CamScanner
