Virtualization is one of the most Important concept of Cloud Computing. It is the process of abstraction in a mannty that a virtual machine comprising of storage, processing power and computing resances is created over on actual physical machine. Thus, Virtualization can be viewed as humerous logical machines made out of a physical machine. V MI Application Application Application after Guest Os Guest Os Os virtualization. emulated physical resources Emuladed resources Actual physical Actual practical resources machine This virtualization is carried out by a software known as Hypervisor or Virtual Machine Monitor (UMM) which allocates or distributes resources to make a number of Urstual machines over actual physical server. The need of virtualization could be well understood by its advantages: - ( 1 ) Optimum utilization of resames- The idle resources could be well utilized by virtualization as the resources get divided Into multiple logical units that could be utilized for other purposes. (im Reduces cost and energy usage:- Where 'n' number of machines had to be bought to run no number of systems, virtualization could Convert a single machine into number of individual isolated systems, thus reducing cost. Algo less energy will be required to operate the same number of systems . Scanned with CamScanner cilin Aids in load balancing and maintenance ! - With vitualzation comes the concept of UM migration in which a virtual machine could be shifted to another physical server without shutting it down. This helps in balaning load, maintenance work, etc. Para-virtualization involves short circuiting of drivers of the hypervisor and the quest operating systems in order to overcome the instruction translation latency that Is common in full virtualization. To actieve his, the quest as is modified by recompiling with new APls enatting it to call for the new PPTs. This is frustrated below- ( modified danstes ) VM, VN: VA'S Hypervisor ( modified) Physical Rescueles But there are certain drawbacks to para vidualization :- (i) Meification of quest OS Is mandatory. This e popular vendors like Hirsesoft one unable to Pathbut para- virtualization. This limits the choices of selecting a quest cs (iin Compatibility issues may drie between modified hypervies and the shoot- circuted drivers in case of updation of any one of them In paravotatination, unite kill vinhanation, the UM, Are made aware of each other . Thus, a Scanned with CamScanner security breach in one UM will compromise the security of all others . ci) Contant updation and modification of Hypervisor and the guest operating systems is a drawback in Itself. Scanned with CamScanner 