Avo1 . Virtualization is the browns of abstraction of puppical. tubouwrus so as allow multiple users to tume on the sound physical convor. It allows multiple user the town on the same computer or to be specific, it allows multiple operating systems to laum on the same computer & therepre is responsible for the ceberation computer & the operating system . 9 Nad for virtualization : 1 . Resource pooling It allowed they users the share the same physical scwvw & therefore increase busoured utilization : ) In cach use diblogs its own Jusources a physical servers it would lead to wasteful use of idle Hesources or result un luiuiting the capacity 2 . Cost efficiency Tu consolidation allows several user to use comme physical usoUncle. Therefore different operating system 2 applications calls are managed by the somme underlying seider. using the concept of rioronics of coales, the cost for individual usand is reduced . 3 . Invecuses managability since multipar UM bau swimming on the came lliyour visor or VHH , it feuduces the number of resources a whereases managibility Scanned with CamScanner 4. VH unigration allowe Nawa fering of one virtual machine from one server to another without shutting down the virtual machiw . This procus indeed helps in managing the following concerne . - Load Ralowmany - Fault tolerance - Mountainance 5 . Isolation it provides UMisolation inc it provides logical seperation between different UM usare, edce UM Ainsiles that it Le indipendent a completely owns the underlying physical Lessources . 6. Data loss prevention allows duplication of data through different sibes a suetues Therefore , wicreasury ridudancy 2 availability & minimizing the lkisk of data loss 7. Increases productivity. If iweredos productivity by providing "lumote acous . - The organization or administrative and not be virtually, present in order to operate the lusawas. Scanned with CamScanner Paravirtualization is the procura making the quist oper ating syctums aware that they- lave beingl virtualized . - The quest De thereforive modifies the of device drivers to ruduke the welhead of interacting, with the physical servers - The os drivers & my pervisor drivers work in collaboration to showe & access the palyrical server & computing hardwares. Lg : XEN Drawbacks: . It needs the quest 6s to modified. In order to whodat paravirtualize the Gust os, the os should be able to call certain API calls. Hance modification of Gustos is weded which increases the iinstallation tune of paravirtualized VM . unappealing to major vandors likes Microsoft As if liwith the number of available' orterating system options for the enterprise The direct communication loctween the operating system 2 hypervisor bases tight dependencies between thems ). In such cases any updats or modification in the Guest of hypervisor can breck virtualization Therefore all Guastosus & hypervisor should be modified altoy wither . Tuuw intentional communication between Gust Ofes & hypervicoy potential security vulnerability. This is because. Scanned with CamScanner since the Gust Os witract now, the surface area of attack increases . Attack on any ene Gust or can affect or other osco 2 hypervisor VM escale . sind the quest is are loking aware of virtualization, it difieg the basic difinitions of virtualization which states the the VMs are widependent & unowave of eachother & the underlying difrastucture. - Scanned with CamScanner 