Qucolion 1. Vuilu alization Viilualization means weing the physical resources / holdware resources effectively and efficiently which means multiple processes can be grun on a single operating system. Various OS ( known as quest operating system ) ask for the access to particular resources that they regiow to do their tak and hence many quest os can work yaralul on a single in Operating system . The concept of virtualization can be achieved with the help of Hypervvier ! Virtual Machine Manager which on the demand of various resources by different virtual machines allocate them the resources and act as a meduin beturen the applications and hardware component of the system. Need of virtualization : 1. By the concept of virtualization; we puyorn the actions of resource sharing and pooling. 9 . Hence we can say? by the help of Hypervisor or VMM we can actually help in bitter resource utilization because then the particular resource will be allocated to the particular application on request. 3 . It alop helps in cost reduction because of carlier different systems were required for running different tasks individually in now many tanks can be own parallel on a single eystems; hence cost Scanned with CamScanner reduction . 4. It helps in better CPU utilization because then CPU doesnot have to stay for a longer duration of time in idle state as many processes can go on parael. Now under virtualization I we have different kind of virtualization : D Full virtualization : Where different quest is are dinawave of presence of Other Os and thinks only it is using the hardware resources. Hoe hypervisor act as instruction translator beliveen application and hardware . Para Virtu alization: Here quest os are aware of presence of other os ( quest ) in the system and hence help in vocaing overhead. 3) Of land virtualization : Here we dovic have any hypervisor; the Varle of hypervisor is porjoined by post or isely . Drawbacks of Para Vvilualization: I. In Paravirtualization ; since quest Off knows before hand it is Not quet only OS present in bre system and hence other os are peuvent and using the resources of the hort operating system ; it tries to Scanned with CamScanner Heduce overhead; hence it also help in induction mandation with hypervisor unlital in full virtualization where only hyperonsor was responsible joy instruction translation. But for this the guest of med to be modified and should randale instructions. Nuance drawback here is need for modification for quest O. 2 . Decond drawback is this concent of paravirtualization; is available only for some few host OS ( as like Windows doesnot work well with concept of paravirtualization ) ; Lance it limit the choices of host offer users. 3 . Third drawback is now siva the coordination between the quester and hypervisor ; so there can be cases we have updation in any one of the both ; which can had to sors of compatibility. But paravirtualization is better in respect to full virtualization ; as it helps in reducing time cost because here virtual machines know that they are being virtualized ; so they avoid overhead of particular nnovice and also hups in instruction transaction along with hypervisor. VM VM VM travolation instruction msauction translation Tramstation Hypovisor Paravirtu alization Host Os Hardware Scanned with CamScanner 