Ans1 : Virtualization is abstraction of physical resowned ( hardware & storage facilities, in which a number of virtual machines can run in isolation using the same hardware eceauces underlying resovices. It is made possible via hypervisor ( VMM ) which is responsible for instruction translation and allocating the physical resowives to Virtual machines. Need of Virtualization . I 1) Proper utilization of resources by making a provision to allocate the hardware resowices to multiple machines as per their needs, virtualization ensures the efficient use of resources, without wasting time ( ie, leaves less chances for resources to sit idle ) 2 Higher productivity - As the resources are used to their full capacity, the system becomes more productive and with the presence of hypervisor , it faces only minor decrease in speed , this reducing any wastage of resources and satisfying the needs of the virtual machines 3) VM Migration 7 If we use virtualization, virtual machines can be migrated from one physical server to another without sitting down the machine . It is needed in case of a Load balancing - when load on physical servier increases substantially, we can need VM migration to distribuite load 5 ) fault tolerance 7 In case of any attack or malicious use, migration gies an option to escape the consequences to protect the and systern c ) Maintenance - Sometimes, the servers & underlying resources are to be shut down for maintenance, in such cases VM miquation is needed , so that the NMs donot suffer due to unavailability . Scanned with CamScanner 4 Cast minimizations - virtualization is needed to minimize the lost that the individual machines have to bear; as now it need not own the resource / hardware to access it, thus the concept of economy of scale becomes valid as more the number of VMs using the resovices, less is the cost each one has to bean. 5 (VM Isolation) 7 Virtualization helps in maintaining logical isolation among the VMs . The full virtualization ensures that VMS are unaware of the presence of other machines and makes them feel as if they are owners of the resources . "Overall low maintenance cost ) - AS one set of resources can support multiple machines, the overall maintenance cost each one has to bear reduces . Instead of every machine paying for maintenance of it's resources, the last can be beared collectively . Drawbacks of paravirtualization! In paravirtualization, the quest os is made aware that it is being virtualized is it is sharing the resovices with other quest OS , hencel it defeats the purpose of virtualization, Which is to quie an isolated experience to each virtual machine and making it feel as if it oven the resowices. derally , the stead of instruction translation-being dove at kyperusers, now Becondly, it dilutes the control of hypervisor over the physical hardware resources, as now yberwiser and quest OS will collectively be responsible fer allocation of resources. Also, ove mayor drawback of paravirtualization is that quest Os will have to be modified Scanned with CamScanner in order to synchronise it with hypervisor. so, if any change. en ate modification is made to the hypervisor, the "quest Os will also have to be modified, which is a time consuming. cumbersome task, Aco "any changes made in the underlying resources ( addition De destruction of any resource ) will have to be communicated to all virtual machines in paravirtualisation. these A all are the drawbacks of paravirtualization Scanned with CamScanner 