1. ) Virtualization - ) Virtualization refers to the process of separating logical layers from physical hardware. - By virtualization, multiple virtual systems can be made to Run on the same physical hardware. ~) Those virtual systems, or virtual machines (VMS) can emulate APIS and drivers of real systems. Logical Layers Virtualization ( or virtualized layer ) Physical Hardware -- The need and importance of virtualization I .) Virtualization provides a cost effective method of hosting multiple systems on the same i physical hardware. se Fo1 As a tumult, a user / operator does not have to rient in a diffuent set of hardware far each system. 11 .) Efficient use of resources. Virtualization provides for a very efficient method of using all the resources at disposel. iii| Easy to set up and widely used. Large cloud nehworks cook be setup in the amount of time by using this practice. Scanned with CamScanner IV.) Processing Power. Since the different VH are independent of each other, every virtual machine gets adequate processing power. U.) Secure, World class privacy and security measures are used to secure dater centers and the network, aand herce customas also get to enjoy this level of security. Full Virtualization: Hypevisor communicates with the physical fusounces directly and makes requests for allocation of resources. Some computing power is therefore reserved for these hypervisor call, which may affect performance. This method crn achieve such a level of virtualization that a UM will not be able to identify that it is being virtualised. ) Paseu Virtualisation : One solution for the issuesof full virtualisation is to make the UM aware that it is being virtualised . . When this is done, the UM only passes the most important calls to case load on the systern. . It also makes changes to I its APJS and drivers to case load an the system. Scanned with CamScanner ViUSE 11 -) Para virtualisation has the following drawbacks:- 1.) There is an imperative need to modify the quest os and its drivers, to so as to actproin the new UM calls. The UH alho may need to be modified at times. is This increases outhill compterity of the process. ui) Mejor market players ( like Micosoft) do not appreciate this need to make modifications. Scanned with CamScanner 