Cloud Computing Ans 1 Virtualization. It is running of number of virtual Machines concurrently on single hardware with each unaware of each other VMs with help of hypervisor . Virtual Machine- ( Guest Operating System ) virtual version / duplicate of computer . Hypervisor + Software responsible for instruction Translation for questos & creating Guest Os. Need of Virtualization : D Resource Pooling : Here hardware resources are utilized effectively by all resources can be used by different VM rather than wasting resources by sitting idle , 2 Cost Effective; save Money & energy's As hardware is showed by many quest os 8 individual hardware is not schip. It removes complexity of buying all hardwares & settup it for Operating system. Therefore saves lot of time 3 VM Migration = Due to load balancing; maintainenance or fault tolerance UM Can be migrated to another server without Shutting doown 4 No. of VMS " from one server, no, of virtual machine can Run concurrently it not only increases spad for completing task and very easy to manage. Scanned with CamScanner VM Isolation all vm are virtualized from. each other & simulates like only one with havedrove rather Os in operating than afeeling wel lob of VMS ance operating. can dinge hardware. Para- Virtualization In para - umrtualization , quest or are aware of being virtualized. Therefore , quest De shout vicent drivers to help cooperate with hypervisor in hardware instructor Drawbacks guest Modification of os is needed it handle for drivers so hypercalls from hardware bout some os do like microsoft doesnot allow modification of Os theyon linit no. of os available = Even if speed is increased due to quest Os handling instinction ; But it makes compatibility issues when hypervisor & quest De work so in dependently with each other . If At hypeslisos is upgraded to new version lead to compatibility bones with Great os It also causes vulnerability" bones when Rypeuvisor & Guest os work together due to leakage of sendtive data may take place from hypermison & Guest or. Scanned with CamScanner 