Virtualization means pooling of resources from different sources and create a virtual environment / system which a user perceives as one independent system. for eq ., if a host System has 100GB of hard disk space, it could be used to create 10 systems of 10GB space each and each system will think of itself as an independent machine. This is These systems are called virtual machines as they don't have a physical form but we resources which are pooled by other independent systems. "A virtual machine manager of hypervisor foamle the backbone is responsible for delivering hardware requirements to a VM from hardware pool & managing the VM. ! Virtualization forms the backbone of cloud computing architecture along with abstraction. A cloud service provides does not allocate a dedicated physical system to a consumer but provides a virtual machine which has access to CSP's hadware pod . Vmi Vmz User INTERNET VM 3 Resources 3 ( HW) Vms Vm ARCHITECTURE OF CC CSP Scanned with CamScanner This virtualization is required for cloud computing purposes because of many reasons. For eg, a user may request an increase or decrease required from the CSP. These resources wouldn't be able to change it CSP would have given a dedicated Physical machine access to the user Since the lystern, are virtualized and has access to the pool of resources the Ep CSP will be able to increase of decrease the resources allocateet to the use, Virtualization also plays a crucial part for migration of System . This is called VMmigration. In a wirtualized environment, there is no need for physical transfer of a machine. A virtual machine can be migrated from one CSP to another CSP provided they both use the same underlying manufacturer's process. Virtualization is alle important to keep systems in islation from each other and prevent security breaches, Each user can be VM's Security in their over way without hindeser. from other users They can even run diferent and functions with diferent VMs. This all proves that virtualization is very imposti in cloud computing environment . Scanned with CamScanner Drawbacks & para - virtualization since the & VM knows it is being virtualized, it reduces the overhead calls to the hardware which Could affect the performance of the system. Para virtualized VMs need special APIs and kernel Changes so that they are compatible with Pasa- virtual hypervisor. Thus sy all Systems are not Para- virtualization ready which can pose problems in Mocesses like UM migration os compatibility issues 8 Many manufactures like windows don't build pasa - virtual hypevisors thus they can't be run in pasa wirtual environments Scanned with CamScanner 