QUESTION : 03
Ans. 3 (a ) so prenve the confidentiality of data,
the card holders data should not be directly
sent over the Network, Rather enongplhoy swould be
und. The data should lee enorypted leefosx
sending, so that ven if it gets intercepted
in the Now by come attacker, it can't we
intupreted lucaux the key is not available
Also, michanisoms like Network Intrusion
Detecting sites should we implied to porck
for intrusisy by an attacker.
A new form called (Homomorphic encrypting?
Crypto graphic encrypting? could be lisxd to
prevent confidentiality
Haditing to this, for processing ransaction strong
authentication should we wad like multifactor Auth N
lise of OTP's- One time Passwords. & Can use
Auth where the card details the provided wiltround
disclo by pusoand info malton
Security protocols like SSL- secured
Socket layer and TUS- Transport Layer Security
can provide the required encryption to the
data as it passed of the fallilic Network ie.
Outernet.
SSL and TLS provide an extra hayer of
security over the Nettook as data passes
through maintaining encrypthing Mechanisms.
Ans. 31b) The company must comply with
PCI-DSS ( Payment card Industry Data Scusiid
Standard) which is a uquirement for any
company that prouns credit card details.
The PCI- DSS provides the nicemany incommenditions
to prevent the breach of security while sinselie
data - the card holdus data is proceed. These
reg. must be followed to hause security and
privacy Management.
The PCI-DSS provides 12 high level Requirements
for such company which must we fellowwed
risp if the urg is storing the card date
on a third party.
Then Requirements one : -
install and maintain a firewall to protect the
Cardholdus'data
(2 ) Bolict the stored card holder data
Apomet in vendor provided defaults for paswords?
security processes
Dex encrypttry while sending card data Dell open
pullic W.
Maintain & update centivines regularly
Develop secure apps I proceses.
Rtmit physical acorn to cardholder data
18
Ristmit access to date on lineinusineed
9)
Tust the security systems mg
10) roude unique ID's for every person accusing
dala.
11
Quelop a policy on auformating Management
(10) Track I monitor all access to cardholder
data.
