Any 3 The best way to reserve confidentiality of - customer's creditcard information is by 1 ) Using Firewall : We can use surewall to prevent unauthors modification of data by not allowing hocker to breach into our network. 2 ) Encuyplion: When the cridet information is flowing We can use SSL/TLS to provide secounty to data AU- and when data is stored, we can use everypies to hide the data iii Authentication : We con allow authentication method to restrict only certain users to access their credit card like Amazon has done. ivs Demiedanger zone: It is a comment of two firewally which don't allow access to data as hocher cannot know the location of data. V) Security protocol s standard: omI can use van ous security protocol and stonelay, to store created card information is secure ways. These are explained below. weamuse PCI-DSS ( Payment card industry, data security standard) to process credit card transactions. Also we can use security prolord such aist IT IL Eanformation Technology infroshuetor library! which is a set of rules and framework which is a process based approach for managing information leichnology secours. ITIL Policcis Proceden work instudios of comfony crowhen ( olyeutive) ( what to do) ( who will do what ( inshuction for oution ) ITIL, I SO JE82 70 01 av chtuin security protocol which can hell in configuration management, vulneraberlady moreagement, patch monogement, sevid mangement and availability management 1) + The standard whith compory nees to comply to proces credit card transactions is PCI-DSS ( Payment card industry, data security standards to helfix a doing credit cond losvition in a secur way because of the followrss pocorts . . on this standard, creditcard information is storedun encrypted form. 2 A Rolebased access control like pulentications used to access credit card information 3 Firewalls are used to prevent unauthorized modification of data by "not allowing hochi no branch into our network. Oin this standard, cudel and monitoring is don't for the users and logs are momtord to detect my suspicious activity. 15 IAM, is prohinly monaged so that authorzation, authentication is done to the rightfull people only. 6 in this standard, when data is moung, it is Secured using SSL/ TLS ( enoughtien mechanism). Demilitaused zones a con also be set up to hearst right from accessing the suleret. 2 Antivirus software are installed in UMIS to detect & malware which may be harmful for credit card informations ) Database is stored in encrypted form. 