3. To understand the ways to presetre confidentiality
E a customer's credit card information we
fiest analyse the threats.
O Internal Attack :
- Remote Access attack on softwaree of CSP
- Remote Access attack on) software of Client
- Remote Access Attach on hardwake of cloud
infrastructure
- Attack on software and hardware of
cloud end points.
2 External Attack :
- Attach based on social engineering
3) Data Leakage due to inefficient protection
of data.
Paratocal
b )y
The PCI - DSS ( Payment Card Industry- Data
security Standard) is used as the prestocol
to be followed . This Standard has the following
guide lines.
Install and use a firewall to Beotect the database
& network dealing with users credit card
details
d) Encryption of data whether at rest or intransit
to protect it from malicious / unauthorized
access.
3 )
Regularly update the antivirus
2 5
4 ) The credit card details need to be stored in a
Secure place with adequate backup.
Only business need to know " information
should be made available to access ,
6 Physical security of the premise of the
secrets and data center should be maintained
The computers with network access should
be given an unique ID.
8) A Bolicy of formissions and standards should be
mine maintained.
@ Regular testing of modules should take place .
This protocol states sufficient measures to protect
critical information like credit card details. A
Campany which is responsible for collecting this
information is accountable to it's users in case of
security breach Reca, it reputation is at stalk.
If it looses trust it will surely loose it's customers
a) The best way to presoare confidentiality is
through.
C) Network Authorization : Only secure network can be
used by authorized personell.
2Encryption: Data should be stored & at cestot
Bol in Eausit ) in encrypted format to prevent
malicious access ..
Intension Alexta An immediate incident response
message in case of so curity bread,
The pestocols that hood to be followed are
ITIL ( Information Technology FulLastructure
Library ) which is a set of guide lines
for an in tegrated process based approach
to managing information to cho logoservices
It has Umain components.
1 Policy . which states the objectives of the
beganization.
2 Process : What need to be done to accomplish it
3"
Procedures : What who needs to do what
Woth Instructions: intructions that need to
do carried out.
It is based on 150/ IEC 17799: 2005 and has
close relationship with
service level management
incident management and change management
2)
ISO / IEC 20071 and 200 72
these are guidelines defined to manage
Information Technology Management Systems!
The 20072 helps with security control
guidelines.
-
Thes protocols helpboride structure to the security
program which the company has in place and
implement various measures to combat
threats of lecwirg& privacy bread.
