3. a. To prescrive the confidentiality of the customer's credit card information, we can use the PCI-DSS Payment Card Industry - Data of the Security Standard land use ISO /IEC 27001 / 2027002 payment standard to ensure that the module follows the that requirement for Information Security Management helfer meAutor System ( ISMS), It uses Iso JEC 27002 he the define a set of controls that can be trasaction , trakl / played for information security of the place . customer's credit card. Iso /IEC 27002 further It is essential Providt. security measures including. for the Access Control, Vulnerability Management, Incident module Response and System Use and Monitoring . to have 1n allow / 150 / IEC 27001 /27002 Read to a cortified way of securing the information, in our cash canal muy customer 's credit card information 4 ITHE Information Technology Infrastructure library promett with sotiol By using the above standard security protocol in collaboration with PCI-DSS, we would allow our module to process preserve credit card information . Using iso / LEC 2 701 / 2000 2, we all assured that our security level matches ous need, we are able to establish a baseline security and out opptica ultimately our application is secure, This is the best way to preserve confidentiality in this case. b . It our company has to process credit- card transactions, then we should comply with Payment Card Industry - Data Security Standard ( PCI- DSS) . It is a credit card transaction standard that enables user to carry out transactions, and which decides whether or the organization for the CSP & beneficial holds the data or both. It is essential as it 5) poses carlain requirements for the companies: ) Establish a firewall and A secured systems to meand the transactions. ) Stop physical access to data. Busrisale should be geven limited data . Sh Antivirus applications should be unitalled on the machines. 5 Regular testing must be done of the data. protocol 6 Information security stad must be deployed F ) All dato must be in the encrypted form, so lun on interception data is secure. any Access IDs should be gusen to identify potential threat. with the above standard the company can be suse of its credit cards / trans actions and this standard handles everything related to them . The regiments that will be fulfilled will secure the transactions the tan couple they with IsoTEC 10 27001 / 27002 for, bo provide information Iso / LEC 22001 /27002 o defines the requirements set for a Information Security Management System ( SMS) and can help secure the information related to credit cards. 