3 .
a. The best way to preserve confidentiality
of customer's credit card ed infortration
is encryption. Enoughtion is scrambling
of data so that it wounot be accessed by
unauthorzed personnel
Security protocol for this application -
SSL/ TLS i.e. Secure Socket Layer ( SSL )
Transport hayer Security (TLS
*
Ince a customer's credit card information
has been taken it is basically data at rest
which can be secured by encryption
Also when the information was being taken
it was data in thansit which was also
secured ley encryption, so that both
confidentiality and integrity of data is
maritarid !
*
Besides encryption, a firewall can also be
used to increase the security . This will
help in increasing security
**
Also the overall security should lee kept
at the top and no physical access should
be given to even the chaployers of the the
doled service provider ( (SP ) so that they
cannot reach the credit card details .
These protocole SSL and TLS are widely
used these days.
b. To rocess the credit card transaction my
company needs to comply with PCI -$5
i.e. Payment Card Industry - Data Security Standard
These are bancally standards which need to
we meet y a company to ask customers for
their credit card details. These include
- encryption of the details when they are asked
from the customer.
- encryption of details when stored in data base
- authenticated access - only authenticated
personnel should be granted access.
- authorization - proper roles should be defined
so that people can access content according
to their woll .
compliance - the company should meet varios
compranie
- no physical access-No shepicalaccess to
credit card miformation should be granted to
anyone.
- file wall - a firewall should be built in leetween
to ensure security
- regular security checks and tests should be
conducted .
- ance the data i. e. credit card detail one of we
use they should be deleted with out any traves
in the system .
The PCT-DIS enoures that the company keeps
highest of security checks do that under the
suuninst avver the data of the custowie is
comfromused.
