3) a ) Confidentiality is basically preventing the unauthorized dislobure of someone's personal content While making online payments , the customer enters all the card details card holder details other confidential information well whose Security 3 important to customer as as organisation, both . We can do following practices for Preserving its confidentiality + keeping sale from any kind breaches : - 1 ) Data - at rest :- While all the data is stored somewhere , shong encryption should be applied on it before storage . This makes the attackels unable to access the information even if they get the access . 2 . Data - in - transit :+ While moving the data from one place to another , encryption helps to some extent but other security procedures can also be followed such as SSL , TLS ( Secure socket Layer + trans port layer security ) . v. Authentication : only the authenticated way should be able to acceu that data . Strong authentication techniques should be applied to keep it away from any kind of attacks . Authorization : There should b be proper access rights given to the individuals accessing the data . These should be given basis of accees rights on the their entitlements functions they require. S.) Destruction :+ while destroying the data , its it should be taken care that no malicious person is cleating copies of data + keeping it . Data should be completely + properly destroyed . for this type of information , we can for PCI - DSS { payment card Industry - Data Security Standards This provides quidlines for protecting card holder's datoy during transactions of payments made to the organisations online Probel network seauity protocds , intrusion delection systems should be implemented to keep the privacy -+ confidentiality of the data . The protocols lying in information security management systems can make this data seQue can take care of the above points to an effective level. for processing credit cond b ) transactions , a company need to combly with PCI - DSS PCI - DSS stands for Payment card Industry - Data Security Standards. PCI - DSS gives you certain quideines a sules for keeping the security of coud - holder's data during transactions payments keep it away from any kind of breach . The PCI - DSS has following requirements from the company : . Data C is stored in an encrypted form so that it cannot be interpreted even if accessed . 2. While moving data , it should comblay with SSL , Tus standards. 3. Data should be accessed through authenticated soveces only , 9 Company should define the prober "paccess rights for such critical information . 5. Physical Jeclity to the premises of the data centres should be thee . AU these things all in accordance with keeping the data away from any kind of malicious activity so company needs to follow PCI- DSS standouds before keeping such information . 