Question- 3 . Part a ) - The best way to preserve the confidentiality of the customer's credit card information is to have strong identity and Access Management (IAM which can provide CIA ( confidentiality, integrity Availability ) tried avance using Defense In Depth model of information recvuity. i) strong IAM will ensure that the customer's data is protected from internal and external threats ( e.g. deletion or stealing of credit card information by attackers for malicious mee). in Strong IAM also enormes that the organiza- - tions are complying with the regulatory, kiev -ary and data protection requirements was the Navour IT wil controls are implemented to encore date, apfelication and network safety. in The use of strong firewalls as part of depen. - se at network level envies that unathon aceles is restricted and only legitimate com. - munteations are allowed. iv) strong encryption of the card holder's data diwii. - and oat biest -ng transmissionlas part of defence in depth at storage level enowies that the data is proter. - ted even if intercepted by an attacker (1) ( V) Rate Remote Access Control strategies like Wit- -qual private networks and authentication impide the attacker to catude the systems. This also forms part of Defence in depth. Vi) Defense in defoth minimizes the risk of security breakh by offering a multi layered approach to security. Pecutb : PCI-DSS ( Payment Card Industry - Data security Standards) is the standard to be used by the company to protect credit card transactions because it provides for the following requvom ents is i, install and manage the firewall consiguia. tion to protect the card holder's data. Lin Regular use and undation of antivirus. lin Encryption of card holder's data when stared and when transmitted over public network. E' uring secure sistems and applications and texting the reciity systems and processes, (2) Voine strong information security policies and slandaards. a) Restricting access to credit card thaldu's infor -mation, including physical access, in accordance. with business needs. (VIT ) designing unique ID to users with computer access. 5 (Kill) Tracking use of network rexowives and credit could information and generating reports an daily, bars. 