3 . a) In order to freserve confidentiality of customer's
credit card information , enception and decaution
can be used . Whatever information is travelling over
the internet should be encrypted securely so that it
is not accessed by malicious users and the integr.
ity is also maintained.
Cryhtographic enceghtion will help in ensuring that
the information is confidential and Secre.
IDIM Suformation Technology Infrastructure managing
Can be used for this application. In involves we.
lesvices and banke , thus this protocol will be
lest suited here . It complies with the regulations of
ITIL and ISOLIEC 27001- 27002. this will securedy ffley.
ave the confidentiality of the customer's
reformation
by providing enceghtion and deception. When the
customer inters information, ander proceeds ,, git. will be
enceyited and directed top the Weghoraky,
bank for
verification after which an oil may the received of
a 30 hin will be asked for. After it is entered, the
information is verified again and of correct, the
transaction follows. Multifactor authentication will
also prove to be beneficial.
b. ) The company needs to comply with PCI-DSS of
Payment card Fudustry, Data Security Standards to
process credit card transactions Credit card transa-
ctions involve sensitive information and this requin
Le peoper and systematic Proces . PCI-DAS gives
the required rules and regulations for the processing
of fuck transactions and these need to be followed
in order to maintain outegrity and confidenti-
ality.
lovely company may be having different methods
and ways of undertaking such transactions. His
important that a proper and uniform set of
rules be followed so that monitoring and auditing
is done effectively. PCI-DSS gives this eet
op
instructions and ensures that a uniform affer
ach is followed. If a company does not follow
these standagts, then they can be charged with
compliance ( sues. In such scenaeros, even a useet
data may be compromised which can lead to
further resues.
In such transactions, even banks are iwrolved which
Can cause further Compliance feobless for the
Company. Thus, it is important to comply with
PCI- DeS rules and regulations.
