Question 3:
We need to develop a module for making online payment through
credit cards.
(.a) The best way to presowe confidentiality of customer's credit card
information would be to use special security protocols and beat
practices so that the privacy of customers is maintained.
. The security protocols to be used would be ITIL, ISO / IEC 27001,
ISO / TEC 27002.
. The above standards make sure that the personal data associated
with the use of credit cards is protected from any security invasion
ITIL : suformation Technology Infradructure Library is a set of good
practices and guidelines which flow integrated, process based approach
to manage information technology services ..
It follows the code of conduct of 17799: 2005 Iso/ IEC.
ISO / IEC 27001 9 47002 :
ISO / IEC 27001 is a standard and guidelines that define mandatory
requirements to be followed for ISMS ( Information Security ignant
Services.
ISO/ IEC 27009 are the guidelines that define the information
security controls to be followed in ISMS.
"The best way to preserve confidentiality woould bo to use the
following Management Areas:
1 Availability Mgint ( ITIL )
2. Access Control ( ITIL, ISO/ IEC 27002 )
3 Vulnerability Mount ( ISO / IEC 2002 )
4 Patch Maint (ITIL )
5 Configuration Mant ( ITIL )
8 Incident Response (ISO/ TEC 27002 )
7. System Use ( ISO / IEC 27002 ) .
Considering altogether the above aspects with the proper moage of the
security protocols, the confidentiality would be preserved
(5) Our company would need to camply with the PCIDSS for
processing card transactions.
. PCI DSS stands for Payment Card Indristry- Data Security
Standards , which defines set of rules to be followed for processing
credit card transactions.
- There are various requirements of PCI/DSG which need to be
followed to protect the cardholder' information and avoid any
privacy concerns.
NEED to PCI Dss standard :
. To protect the cardholders information and transaction details
firewall should be build and maintained .
S
. The data should be stored and protected
. Encryption techniques should be applied.
. Antivirus softwares should be installed & updated
Restricting access and unique ID should be given to uses.
. Restricting physical access to unauthorized employees
. Managing policies & performing continuous testing
Responsibility should be properly shared among the service
providers and the walks.
Thus, for any company to be able to take ppayments through
credit cards online should comply with the PCI-DSS standals
because otherwise the cardholders private data would be at
nisk.
