Ques 3 a ) Security at Network Level will be the main protocol that company ( application will prefer . This is because: 1) firewall - firewall is the shield / wall attached to the payment portal such that any application or act that asks for some personal information of user , canbe stopped by the firewall, firewall can also disable services which aco as a threat to the online payment and hence security and confidentiality will be retained. 2) Demilitarized zone - ( DMZ ) DMZ can also protect confidentiality and prevent external attacks or threats Basically , the applications or processes which can insti gate a threat or an attack are put into separate zone known as DMZ Auch that the gone can prevent al those threat, and rest of the processes can work accordingly. 3 www. Demilitarized Public access zone cloud os sevice which can posses a threat to - the privacy & security is put in DM2 . 3) Data in flight - Data in flight means the passage of data from one portal to other Data in flight will encrypt the data before exiting one portal euch that even if data is caught or become available to the attacker it will be difficult for him to interpret or break, Hence, data transfer will be secure for the payment based application. b ) PCI - DSS {Payment Card Industry - Data Service Standard Company should use PCI-DSS, standard for the online payment application . this is because, the PCI-DSS has following requirements which makes the payment portal secure and difficult to breach into. 1) Each time the user logs in, for proceeding the payment a unique password which will be valid for Shat time should be generated. 2 ) The credit card details of the cardholder will be secured and not visible to common man since they are tend to be stored in encrypted form . 3 ) The amount of payment is also finalized again from the user such -that no security breach takes place. 4) Each user is given unique and separate id whenever payment portal is initiated. 5 ) this standard uses many security protocols and agencies such that the zone in which the information ransfer goes through a valid and rusted ownes. Some of these securities are: Norton Security, etc. 6) Data is stored always in encrypted and security and privacy unbreachable form. 