dus 3 :- (a) The best way to preserve the confidentiality of customer's credit card information is as follows : - (1) The details should be thansfried through a secure SSL/ TLS /channel. (ii) The details should be encrypted ir1 ) Proper user authentication through multi - leill authentication should be there. ["v) cryptographic encryption should be there to store the information (b ) T (v) New technologies such as block chain will PC: increase the rue of protection sta ( Vi) New updations and modifications should. eu be done on regular basis. ca ( vii) Firewall should be used to avoid any kind of At network attack. ( 1 ) ( viii ) Network intr usion avoidance techniques and Data integrity mechanisms should be employed . (11 ) The security protocol I will pufer fou this app" is ITIL (sujoumation Technology Infrastructure library ) which is in line with I'ES TICS 20000, LES LICS 27000 and It s/Ics 2 7001 protocols of information Management . This protocol is used because of the following reasons. - ( ) ) It is the basic standardused wouldumide for credit caud payments so uniforunity will be maintained. th ( 11) Defines the people miles and regulations for thansaction which are in compliance with the piuacy and confidentiality of the user's database. ¡ ¡¡ ) ) at ueques propel authentication and authorization ( iv) Role based coutuals are given so it gives move of security to the clients. ( v) ciives standards of data encuyption and maintenance that die lasin and effective to maintain . ( Vi) Dyines policies, processes, procedures and ways of the data security. (b) The standalld that my company needs to camply with to process the culdit cand details is "PCI-DSS" I.e Payment Card Industry - Data security standards . These are the uniform standards that elly ouganisation involved in cuidit / debit caud information usage has to comply with." It is because of the following reasons . - ( 1) As being a uniform platform, organizations cannot comply to any slandald of their ouen. ( 11) The requirements of this standand all". (a) secure thans mission of data therough Se SSL/TLS. Lb, Encuypted data storage 1 0) People authentication and access manag - ement . (d) Updations and modifications on regular basis 5 Les Firewall mechanisin usage These basic ilgivenments should be fulfilled by the Duganisation in Duden to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of the users. (iii) This standard defines the regulations fou thans - action also so it is easier to comply with it. Liv) Dyines encryption standards and policies. ( V ) It maisstains the basic requirements of storage and access management. ( Vi) Usuage of identity management is stressed upon 