LAns 3 a) "Credit cared information" includes 1 ) Identity of credit card holder / user 2 ) Location of the weser 3) Account details 4) Sheffing trends, etc. . highly This information is nsensitive remformation as it might be neused ( mesused ), by attackers to locate , blackmail or isteal from the credit card holders of just to take the details and to sell them for a huge amount. This sensitive information needs to be preserved- securely. The following are the different protocols for presowing the credit card leser information at different levels , which need to be implemented altogether to formulate the best way to preserve this information. 1) Stored Information ( at Rest) the saved card information details must be stored in a chighly protected environment. It must be encrypted and the access weights to this data must be limited and the authenti- Cation buocedere must be good. Access rights to this information must be granted a to a user only after authentication and that too Only to that part which is required 2) Credit Card information deering a transaction [ Data in transit ) During a transaction, the credit card information is in transit in / between networks . Thees, it is 5) exposed to the risks in a network (such as: active and passive attackswhich might be used to steal or data mining). This, strong metwork layer protocols meest be lesed such as SSL (Secure Socket layer ) and TLS ( Transport Layer Security) to perserve and protect the data from potential attackers during a transaction. b). To process credit card transactions, a company needs to comply with The PCI-DSS standards. PCI- DSS Payment card Industry - Data Security Standards are a set of standards and guidelines which must be followed and complied ewith by the merchants ( cloud clients) using credit card transactions and by the cloud service providers who chost Such "" applications or clients complying with / POI - DSS. -7 This standard specifies the level of protection and ways to achieve the same for credit card thelder information ( at seest as wwell as diering transit ) . This includes , I limited access rights + access to users only after a valid authentication - encryption of data - metwork security protools ( suchas, SSL, TLS) These standards need to be complied with as they have been rewidely accepled and adfled for convened applications all over the world. These include all the measures needed to poresowe this sensitive information and avoid !" peuvent ny attack ( active as well as passive ) using this information . 