la ) (3)7Jos developing a module for making an online payment that we have to follow certain security measures to protect : the confidentiality of the user. They are as follows: - (a ) Installing firewalls and implementing controls If ) Inslatling auti-veries and updating it regularly. C ) & Protecting the Stored card- holder datoa . ( d ) Pustecting the card-holder data over public networks is data in travisit while making payments . 1e) Jesting security measurements of module regularly. ( f) Assigning a unique physical ID for each computer being used for transaction (9) Designing the module with enough security controls morder to avold data breach of sensitil data . ( - The security protocol that will be used to protect data- in -transit is SSL . When the card-holder makes payment over a 4 public network it is exposed to attack on data. Ilence a secure protocol like SSL protects the card holder data. A successor of SSL ie TLS is also used for the same . - The module should comply with guidelines and standards of ISO/IEC 27001 ( ISMS- Liste management ) and ISO / IEC 27002 ( suplement security controls for the information security system ) 162 The standard that the company needs to comply with for credit card transactions is PCI-DSS. . - PCI-DSS ( Payment card Industry - Data Security Standard ) is a standard that has to be followed by companies that are dealing with credit-card holder data and credit card transactions . - PCI- DSS specifies the guidelines and best practices in an viMigrated process based mannes which have to be followed. fox to provide security to card- holders - - Ihr PCI-DSS it has to be explicitly defined as to who will be responsible for the security of data and transactions - shared responsibility ( of cloud and organisation ) of attributed to runh. endity - The PCI-DSS standard specifies requirements for the samewhich include sit installing fuewalls in updating antiveurs ( in ) password management 5 (w) authentication manegement ( V ) Protecting card-holder data ( whether stored or over untunet public network ) hir ) Designing secure applications and testing them regularly. 