3. a) As the oredit card information of a customer is highly confidential data, it needs serviity at every data lifeacle phase. Firstly the incoming data should be handled with care and its integrity should be maintained. Storing this like of data as it is won't be a good practice . So , it should? be encrypted and stored at a safe place. This place should be under maximum surveillance and secure access Techniques should be employed. Only authorized personnel should be allowed inside the premises. Broker firewall should be setup and antivirus software should be updated on Jugular basis. PCI- DSS ( Purchase card industry - Data security standards, So, this protocol defines, what are the but practices to be employed when dealing with data of this much confidentiality. PCI- DSS explains all the steps of the Data life cycle of data sulated to credit cards or and industries. It encourages the setting up of Riswwall, anti-virus, secure physical promises etc. If mandales the usage of high security for the physical servers or storage machines. Unauthorized personality should not be allowed at my cost. Secure anti-viruses should be used . Biometric authentication should be snotalled. Permiszip, should be given on the basis ofroles of an individual b) PCI-DSS atandoords should be complied with to process the audit cord transactions. This standard defins the steps need to be executed to secure these transactions. Enoryption of data in storage and transit. This ensures that the integrity of data is maintained and the data cannot be intercepted by anyone. Physical servers surity. Physical acess to the computing gresovius should be served . Extreme care should be taken In this sugord. Only authorized officials should be allowed. Proper biometric authentication should be setup and permissions should be given on the basis of role of the individual S Firewall and Anti-virus software. For the security of the network used for data transmitions, forwall should be installed for avoiding any eacturnal threads. Also preventing the installation of any hostile application, anti-virus software should be kept up-to- data. So these were some of the security standards mandated in the PCI- DSS which needs to employed in my company 