Ams 3! (a) PRESERVING CONFIDENTiALITY OF CUSTOMER'S CREDIT CARD INFO. * Encryption for data- im- transit: To prevent data leakage over Intrend or man-in middle, credit card information could be hassed over network after end-to and public / privatikey enverytion. * Disabling internet cookies: To ensure confidentiality, credit card Information should not be stored in browser's cookies, so that no third - party aft could read it. # Network Security, To ensure security of data, network security protocol, like SSL ( Secure Socket layer) and THE ( Transport laya Selivity ) should be used for card information . * Firewall protection at storage end : The card data stored should be protected using firewall and should even be stored in enlighted format to prevent data breaches. A number of security protocols needed to we used i'm this scenario;, * * All date the should be passed puce HTTPs, and not HTTP. * Network layer security protocols SSL ( secure socket layer ) and TLS ( Fxansport. byr semmity ) add more security to the Cystom * System architecture should be designed such that card processing module is house / separated from othey ) and more secure. Ams 3 ( b): The main security standard which the company needs to Ambly for credit card ruocessing is PCI-DSS | Paymentcard Interyou -Data Security Standard). PCI-DSS i a set of guidelines and will, based on ISO-27001 which a company has to comply for redit card processing applications. Need for this standard could be understood from the importance of confidentiality in critical scenarios like credit card processing. while dealing with such security and redvaly critical semarios , Such a confidentiality standard noure that proper quidline, ar to be followed to respect a ustone's privacy. PCI-DSS (layment card Interface - Data Security standard) state following maj'or guidelines !. b ( 1) customer beedit cand information should not be stored in browse cookies . ( 2) nightographic emeryfoitions of sensitieve cand Information before paning pull the network . (S ) All forlunel protocols of security need to followed ( HTTPS, SSL, TS). (4) SSL certification for gateways to avoid phishing attacks. 