Answer 3: ( a) " the credit card of the customer is directly linked with the money money of the customer, so It is very important to preserve the confidentiality of wstomers credit card information. . I will we a security protocol which provides compute level, physical level & network level security. the security protocol feature would be: - The physical servers should be highly secured with Att access only to a few authorized personnel with CCTV surveillance and biometric authentication. - The IAM security protocol features should be adopted. - Proper Authentication 8 Authorization should happen. - EnEncryption of the data at rest and the data In the network should be used to avoid grimalicious attackers from reading data. PLI-DSS standard should be incompliance. - Auditing and logging of the network transactions will help in identifying a attackers. - Riste analysis and siste management . - Technical security should be provided. Authorization security should be provided Answer 3 : (b) Payment card Industry ( PCI) - Data Security standard (DCS) OT PCI- DCS Is the standard in which my company should comply with in order to process credit card transactions. . PCI-DSS is a standard which formulates policies and guidelines for transactions which Involve credit cards . Money Is of utmost importance to any uter and if there are security breaches In the cloud storage which stores credit card details of various users then the whole credit card model will fall. Users won't have trust in the applications . 'S . PCI- DSS uses techniques to secure the credit card details of users . - use firewall to disallow / unwanted maticiow traffic. - uce encryption for the data at rest or in motion' - Physical security for the server where Credit card data is stored . - Proper Authentication / Authorization for access to data server. . PCI-DSS Is an International standard which is to be followed by any company / who deals in credit cards of wars - In order to provide security privacy and confidentiality of the card dates that the users provide. 