Ans- 3 ) the best ways to foreserue confidentiality of customer's credit card information all : (1 ) To devise secuece systems to transit date for secuewing cardholder's data deing transit and also at guest. ciin This system should make use of security protocols and should be duly tested fecon time to time. iln'y Cardholder's data should be enceughted to forevent any data loss loss of vudegrity or data leak during transit os Bor a data at rest . ( iv) Firewalls should be used to fer mit only that network traffic that is considered safe and seciere according to the suiles that he laid dovon hey the organization . softwares Antueius should also be used to keek dreck on by discard any malicious software. ( b) Access conterals should he aftlied on the medit carnd lice him and hassword . Strong authentication , two factor authentication should be employed. Every card holder should we quien a umaine identity (vt) Auestes to the co rumveer. ( Vi ) Accesses to the card should be monitored . Prisper auditing should take place and any malicious activity should le wolified. (Vi) In Case of a sushicious activity taking place , the card should be temporarily lelocked and the cardholder should be contacted . TSL protocol ( oranshort Seventy Layer ) would be preferred for this in order to secure data diowing transit via the network. Data evolution would take care of data security for data at rest and TSL will take cave of the data security for data i thansit . &) REIDS I) PCIDSS ( layment told Industry Data Security System ) standard needs to be complied with by the company process credit card transactions. This is so because : this stando is This standard lays downs quidelmis to perotect, the formation of cardholders. ( 11) It is legal odiligation of companies dealing with credit cared transactions to comply with this standaled. Incase, comparry fails to do so , the matter can be brought to the covert. crin) The standard is for the riterest of the customer. To protect customer's information, withold confidentiality, data olivacy and integrity. ( iv) Surce the standard, secwies customer viformations It would be beneficial for the company as well as in case of pounary breach ble data leak, the Company's cututation would be affected , would lose confidence in the market, will have to take up remediation and restitution steps as well. Keeking customer's information Alcove is in the interest of company as well. 