A-2. API lands for Application programming interface.
like in any other services, API plays an winfortant
role in cloud services too. It is the only way to
dubract and carry date in the cloud. Some say
uses of API 's are wkitten below : -
1. API's the only way to interact with cloud to fetch
data :- If we want any data from cloud, we must
call it's API's to find and fetch sultable
data as per our requirement.
2 . APT's define the structure of cloud : - API's geuse us
a idea about
The structure of cloud platform. It tells us our
luiits as its wehid data is available to luis or mot.
3. API 's help in selecting cloud providers for
particular services : - with the knowledge of API's
a cloud is providing we
Janew the date available to us. By comparing
different provider's APID' wecan choose amory
the best.
4 .
APT's define the security standards of cloud: - API's to
a great
extent tell us the security protocols bely hollareed
an a cloud. The form in which we are going to
receive our date helps in rightly choosing appropriate
cloud service provider .
Scanned with CamScanner
Although There are so many uses of APIS these
are some drawback too like APT can aschose cloud
to certain ties. But propor infrastructure of
cloud and typh security standards can save us from
this trollen too. Hence API's are very useful
for cloud services.
A-3.a, Best way to preserve confidentiality of
Customer's credit card uniformation is
To use ereruption before transmitting this
information. so that even if the information
is seen by someone else, atleast he is not able
to interpret the data and hene this information
stays safe. A mix of certain security protocoly
will lee applied for different kind of Security
threats to confidentiality !"
1. duternal attacker ; - Access Management
3
factorols must be implement
ed so that only willorized
herson can accessthe information .
2. Esoternal Attacher !"
ILS/SSA security stand.
- wats alous with fincryht
- ton techniques should be applied so that data
is not compromised at anylevel .
Scanned with CamScanner
