Q1. a)
i) UM Elasticity
UM Elasticity is a very important feature from the
perspective of KI as the size of data would
vary from time to time. The density of traffic
varios throughout the day, where it is very high
during office and school hours and very bouw
during late night hours. Moreover, the intensity
would be higher during various festivals and
holiday season wherein most people are out
for shopping, leasure or to meet friends or relatives.
Truss the ability to contract or enband VH
during varios occasions is a very important
cloud application for KI.
") As kayeninc is a local startys, hence The
funds available at its exposure are limited.
Therefore, it will be very useful for it to
realise no est during establishing its services
with the CSP ( cloud service provider ). as the
consumption of cloud storage and servicey
increases for KJ, It can "pay-as - you-go" for the
metered services used. This can be easily
implemented by No upfront lost" wherein the customer
is not charged anything for establishing the infrastructure
but is billed according to its usage.
As the amount of clara stored in the process
is huge, it would require a est of manbower and
expertise to achel sustainable, undeniable levels
of service. Moreover, the data is processed in
detail at the backend which again requires
maintaining services cloud services would
help a lot in this regabld as they will
reduce the burden from the client and
share it according to the underlying
diplogement model used . This is in accordance
with the
shared responsibility model of
cloud computing.
2. After expansion to almost the entire world , it
would be a wise decision for KI to build
Their own private cloud. This is because, as
the service enbands inter nations, the
legal jurisdiction and compliance regulations
change according tothe laws of various different
countries. This poses a challenge for public
cloud to deal with different jurisdictions for
storing data. Moreover, as the data at hand
is a very sensitive data, hence security
and privacy is another area of concern.
on a public cloud, the storage space
is shared between various client's which
poses a security threat. Private cloud
is much more secure and safe as the
data is highly protected and has to
comply with lowes of ferver jurisdictions.
Adding on, private cloud would add
more flexibility which can be used to
customize the services according to the needy
kavyon Inc. As the amount of data
Inbands , the economics of scale feature
of public cloud is defeated and it
become more economical for a firm to buld
it's von private cloud. Hence, KJ should
build their gon private cloud
