QUESTION: 01
vans. I ( a )
VM clasticily- Elasticity would lu
important ticaire the traffic living monitored
can never be fixed. The mo of people can
uncean or decrease in any order, there cay
mouwen du astandardized Haftic. As a ruilt
it can happen that at lines there is notraffic
while at times baffic is too much E, the wo of
gusourus rug. would be more as such case would
tend to inreams. Thus, to autormate the provisioning
of resources acc. to the needs of the paffic
will be promded by CSP.
No upfront cost- No initial cost will be limp as
the company specified is a startup a might
have lismited and it may be the can that
the monitoring finds indie in future a
can't be continued. SAID the buffic at any
point of time. so, lewying the Infrastructure
Could be very exp insure, so using cloud we
need to pay for only what we use.
Reduced Maintenance - Thisis imp. as
the public cloud provider would le resp for
maintaining the foundational architecture.
The Org. is just werp for maintaining its
applicating that it has developed & need not
worry about the ban architecture . Thus test ay
development prows becomes laver y more
focus can til paid here instead of wading time on
fraintey ance.
6
vive. 11b) KI if gous international& has
to coen 75% of lies it means the cloud
needs to de deplayed in a mumila of locations
throughout the woorld to provide connectivity
every where, as a result the zuf sastructure
that follows it would incream to a great Extent.
If a private cloud is wad, the wfrastructure
will become very costly and the maintenance
ownhead would alsory crean ton Greet Extent
and thus the lealulity woud 79 to a great
RExtent.
Instead of 'deploying a private cloud, mey aux
a Hybrid cloud a comliinating of both private
and public clouds. Private clouds could we
deployed at a country level to ensure the
data privacy for the customers of a pastiouly
Courting awhile locally public cloud could dieused.
Thus, it would companitimely riduce the
cost of porusing in pastructch
and Maintenance
while git privacy from private cloud.
