ELASTICITY a ) At the current stage, in which the company is montaring video in just one city and moreover processing data at the edge" ( by dedicating computing at every intersection ). the company won't have a huge amount of data that is to be sent to the cloud . Moreover, the traffic patterns remain favily Consistent throughout the year respective intersections . And this the data in the uplink channel to the cloud is going to remain fairly consistent. It won't see bursts in data randomly . Hence , the elasticity lastar isn't of much advantage their current situation. Having said that it does not go without mentioning that if there are disturbancey to the regular patterns in traffic For on a rainy day two - wheelers euample drive erratically, there owirts a possibility that more situations are captured. Hence, the elasticity feature may prove beneficial , but not to a large entent. ii) EF Upfront cost means the cost to set - up hardware hes ources such as the ervers. In the present case scenario , the video - processing algorithms ARE working at the edge ( computing at each intersection ). Hence , computational costs HAD TO BE UP FRONT due to limitations of boundwidth . ( 20 FRS, 24x7 , 365 ~ 10 GB data per days, approximately I MbPs bandwidth required atherunie ) Hence the no - uppront cost factor is not completely binding In terms server set-up for fwither processing of storage, it holds ture, but surce it is a new set - up , there would be costs that would be expanded on computing hardware. Reduced Maintenance - This is complettey tore. The company has to care about the maintenance of the computing devices hard- - ware as well as network at intersections only . The storage + sovers processing data on cloud do not have to be mountamed. Hence maintenance is definitieg reduced - b There us a lot of value that attached to merely the bits & bytes stared a hard - drive . The data stored reveals plethora information and this information us what Kayvon Fric . relying on for its uncomes. Since the company has now scaled up in volume 4 has wide - global coverage, has led to an increase in the complexity of operations . Due to a global presence, the company's reputation Is now coveted by anti-social elunents due to the scope of its work , as well as competitors, big or small. Hence, it would witness an mcreased of attacks number each month , with hackers to buying access the valuable data. Moreover surce the project is now a full - grown busures it different would have many & regulatory findings across countries on how the "public privacy ( video content ) is to be taken care of In order o avert the risks of public cloud & to meet regulatory compliances, it makes SENSE for the company to shift to private cloud are additional costs, associated with There building private cloud, but the opportunity corts of a data breach and its asouat repureunions greatly outweighs the cost of private cloud . - Hence, given the scale of operations and the global scoper of presence , a private cloud Us affordable and necessary 