1. a. cloud Computing provides a large range of
features and capabilities to the usels.
i. VM Elasticity : Elasticity refers to viclease and
decrease in resource utilization os the need
arises. In the present scenario, the data to
be stored online can vary day by day, into
time for even hour to how
bases. for example, during any quen weekday
the traffic will be more on during
wish hour and less dicking the rest of the
domare accident
way secur
day. Is the traffic wisest
need for more
available storage will rise too . furthermore , in
cast of on a Festival Day, there will be huge
spice in traffic A also accidents requiring to move
space. on weekends , when people stay at home,
less traffic will lead to less accidents & theis les
storage need. So yes VM Elasticity will be
beneficial .
ii . No upfront cost : Yes, this will be beneficial
as it
there all no " interesting case for the
frist to day, they need not pay for any
storage. only when they use the data
Resources and only for the amount of
resources they use, they need to pay for
only that . No ineed to pay anything outra.
Reduced Maintenance : Aree time the collected
data is bound to rise. Kayron Inc. will
use move storage & servees. It will be
very cumbersome for them to do this
maintenance themselves. Thus, when everything
is maintained by the CSP and their end of
maintenance would Reduce allowing them he
lotus on identification of accidents and other
belated tasks. Yes, it is useful.
b . Is KI has gone international, their resource
requirement is icleasing at an enormous scale.
They need to keep all the data private to ensure
the privacy of the individuals .
However , they should not build their deun
private cloud but should instead procure a
the private cloud from some cloud
service provider because.:
17 They are scaling : As KI is still Rising, they
will now have to add
more and more
infrastructure with the data increase which
puts more bunder on them .
2) Need to maintain : Derdoping a private cloud will
Do
give them move security but also regule them
a team management responsible for maintaining
the cloud
Costly : The operation and maintenance coat of
the own private cloud will be high and
would in turn legicine move money.
Excessive
A storage devices
physical space , needed : To establish Their own
cloud, they will require huge amount of space
where they can deploy thee servers & storage,
so that they can store their data . This will be
costly & difficult to achieve.
