END TERM EXAMINATION CLOUD COMPUTING 1. a. i. VM Elasticity - Elasticity is basically a feature of cloud computing which helps the cloud adjust to increasing loads as well as decreasing loads. So, that only the required resources are used ). There can be days when the ty affer is more and which would lead to more number of recorded lases and " witeresting " cases as well. Hovelver, in this particular eased it is the benefit of scalability provided by the cloud which is living used. AD Ance data is sent it will be processed. Hence, VM elasticity is not that important to kayvon Iuc it is Scalability which is important as storage can ichlase according to need . Since bandwidth is limited lince elasticity net that crucial . 11. No Upfront cost - This is a bit advantage for Kayvon Ic as already it is couwring cost to deploy video cameras and dedicated computing. KI can save the cost of setting up of data seivers and storage and can just pay according to the usage. In this way no guessing would be required. the bay-as - you- go bernice of the cloud is also very helpful In this way the total cost micured by KI will decrease. iii. Reduced Maintenance - Since KI is using a foulelec cloud which is maintained by some third party it enjoys reduced mantenaneel If KI had been maintaining the cloud then it had to hive additional employees for just the maritenance which would have weredsed it's host incurred. Now, it's the sole responsibility of the cloud service provider i.e. CSP to maintain the cloud thus declaring KI's work and increasing it's efficiency as the theme which would have otherwise been areasted in manitenance can now be used in more productive tasks. Hence, reduced withtenance is important for k ?. b. There are leoth advantages and disadvantages of shifting to a private cloud. The advantages incluide - (i) more flexibility - Since KI shows the cland they can make changer as per their need . (Ii) security - there with the less security threats and evilaches 10 The diradvantages are - (i) high cost - the cost incurred will increase tremendously as burate cloud is expensive in comparison to kulily cloud . ( 11) maintenance - HI vwill be responsible for the maintenance wow . As far as scalability is concerned it is provided in both public and private cloud. Security At is not a very lug threat to KI as it is already dewatering the video viehich was one of the bug advantages of shifting to forumate cloud. As far as covering 75% of world 's bug"cities is concerned it can be done with by public on private Infact, shifting to brunate will lead to increase in oncall cost. So! according to me KI should rennach en public cloud. 