Aus(a ) ( i) UM Elacticityt Vou elasticity can be defined as the ability of application grinning navy to scale implicitly moticontilly we well is vertically as per the requirement, traffic, or land on the Courpute resource ( application). In case, wav you Inc ., the only processing of data in cloud that is being done, includes denatring IT video at intersection. Further, it is not expected to be a computational have a variable computational requirement, as they have availed for limited bandwidth and are streaming only impostant data. Thus, elasticity will not prove to be I much of a ute to Kawyon Inc. CIl) No upsant Cost This can prive to be entremely beneficial full Kavyon Fuc. As these storage requirement is not something that can be psedeter- - wiredto instead it making quesecs and setting aside inappropriate amount of strange age, leading to eother thattage or wastage ( due time over -peltimation ), they can opt for pay- as - you go fatule of cloud computing . A typical Scanercio depicting the ritefulness of this to casiporation could be shen as they Me trying to store data only for interesting" cares it is possible that ifor a tenute of say one month, the it is possible that only a few or maybe not incident is Deposited while on other hand these couldbe multiple incidents ona single day. There, it is hard to predict the amount of stileage they will need. ( iii) Reduced Maintainance C2 Yes, this will prove to beneficial for the company as opting Ca for this feature of cloud computing will save the effort and Y money that t is required in maintaining the dator in warehouse that they will be collecting. Spart foram this, claud will further the create and maintain backups for theire data; making the data immune against cadamitics and other unforseen cisticoinstances which can pocibiRy lead to data loss .. Ch) KI should build theis there own cloud, yes, Jeexton being as they have managed to cover 79 07 world's big cities this is some subitantial amount of important data and this volume of data will lead to increase in Velucity Jattacks ( V.A ). Data Deing in public clind is further susceptible to security breaches due to interual CSP attackers or enternul attackers. Further being in multi-tenant envisomment, attacker may gain access to hypervicon or Virtual machine which is being used by KJ. Being in public cloud it remain open to vulnerabilities like, UM Sparnul, Hyperjacking, 4 middle man attack, a interception of data during UM migration, Denial of Salice attacks and other network breach attacke. apart jecen other physical disruption possibilities. Ry setting upa private cloud they will be aversing much of the vulnerabilities on how they will have theee own network Jakewalls, DM zone, and they will have A these own usted network, Though attacher can caill meget endpoints of can manipulate internal warker through social engineering but it is for mose tecute than beeping data in public cloud. ritter, they can install dibust authentication, withshization, file-based necess contrat to further wills the pascibility of privacy breach. 10 