1 . ( a ) ( 1) VM Elasticity VM Elasticity refers to the increase or decrease in the number of resources being used by the VM according to its use. Since Kayvon Inc. captures the incidents and sands just the interesting cases to the cloud for storage and potential further analysis, so VM Elasticity is important to KI as it is not predictable as to what number of cases will be interesting. There can be, say, 10 incidents occuring everyday or there can be as little as to incidents ocalling every 2 months . (ii) No upfront cost Having no upfront cost refers that there are not expenses to set up the cloud and intial procedures. The cost will be according to the storage used on the closed and further lanalysis. Since, there can be any possibility of the number of incidents that can occur, there is 6 mo general number, hence having no upfront cost is important for KI . KI will pay. according to the storage & computing power of the cloud used (iii) Reduced Maintenance The Cloud Service Provider ( CSP) provides various benefits to the customers of which reduction of maintenance by customer is one. since Kayvon Inc. uses cloud service for storage and further potential analysis, hence the CSP gives KI an opportunity lof reduced maintenance. KI will not have to worry about maintaining the sowers or processors. It can only focles on the collection of data and its analysis. Hence, reduced maintenance is important to KI. ( 4) KI has grown and gone international, soon to cover 75 % of the world's big cities. KI should build their own private cloud because : - Private cloud gives exclusive data storage centers and other computing resources which can be used exclusively, by UKI. - There will be less for mo occurences of over utilisation of sowers as may occur in case of (tenants, public clouds when a lot of users, try to access the resources. - Lince KI is growing globally, there can be potential threats in the network from hackers, malicious users or competitors. Hence, having a private cloud is more secure. With exclusive service by the CSP the tenants will be less, henke faster service will be there in case of private cloud .. - KI can scale its database and computing resources based on the number of incidents! Occuring on the international lerdel. 