Question-1 : (i) VM Elasticity :> Ver, this benefit of cloud computing will be important to Kayvon Inc because :> - it is mentioned that the data for just the enter - decting cases are sent to the cloud for storage and Ruiner analysis. to, it might be the case that the number of intersecting cares are very low , may be o for some days and very high for some other days, bored an mieres and any- -dents. No, in order to ensure that there are to. -timal number of vrouwices available in the cloud without much stessiunce wartage, the servers can be increased or decreased boared an number of intersecting cases . Since elantictly itself means that the numbers rexervices can be increased or decreared based an server utilization and number of requests, it will benefit kayvon inc. lared on number of interwaiting cares. si No upfront cost : yes, this benefit will also be important to Kayvon Ine because is - Based on the number of intervecting caves, the sexouices ( services required may increase or des. - rease . Since on-demand enquires are available. in cloud environment to meet the business need there will be no need to buy and manage extra infrastructure, data centers and hive skilledy employees to meet the changes. All these service ,. will be forrevided in the cloud environment steel - Based on the number of services used , the price no will be done because in cloud computing, there is a measured service and we kaay only for the services we are using. Thus, extre cha. - rges wie prevented and cost is minimized. 117) Reduced maintenance ? yes, this feature will benefit Hayvon Ine because>> - since public cloud services are being veld, the cloud services and their maintenance become. the responsibility of the cloud service provider. ( CSP ). The data centers are located off premioes ( not within organization's ( umer's perimeter ) and are maintained by ESP. 10 - The CSP has to ensure the Recurity, performa- nce and availability of the cloud services as per the service level aquement ( SLA) signed between Kayvon and CSP. Kaynon just needs to be concerned with the retirees being used. Aince KI has grown and gone international, they should build their own private cloud because; ( 1 ) with increase in the amount of data and server. the surface of attack (Soft ) uncreares and hence the chances of siretvision by an attacker uncreap re- higher velocity of attack ( VorA ). 1i) Lince in public cloud, anyone can enter the sha -need resources and steal the data, the chancesy attacking are higher as it becomes easy for the attacker to pisle the stoud architecture. l' The attacker cansteal the IP and MAC addy. - loves and make malicious use of Taa network unterfaces, more easily in feublic cloud because of less secure access. ( iv) In orwate cloud, only the authorized persons or team has access to the data due to which vianerability of attack gets minimized. Cv) since the data stored an cloud is move early accessible in fpublic cloud, the intuider can read unencrypted data, steal passwords and authenti- - lion information and get information about client data and client behaviour. con On public cloud, it is more easy to launch Cross VMattack and denial of service ( Das ) attack than a private cloud. 