Aus 1 ..
( a )
( 1) UM elasticity: yes this is important to Kawyon.
VMelasticity is cloud computing's proprity of increasing
and decudsing ability to store data depending on .I
the Road | traffic. since the number of rinleerling cases
that will be stored will vary from day to"
day, it is a useful propcity. when mord accidents
happen, more data will be generated and more
resources will be allocated to the company and
the day these are lesser cases the resources
Need will automatically reduce.
Hince VM elasticity is a good/ important to Kawyon.
Lu) No upfront cost : yes
& cloud computing was not available, kavyon would
have to buy sewers, infrastructure, bear the cost
of developing applications and spend a lot for the
project in the initial stages,
'However cloud computing will enable kavyon to
- use infrastructure services such as servers, networks,
storage.
- use development environment
ayuse applications
Sat minimal cost.
it can also use the ability of self provisioning of
reservices to pay only for the restruces are finely
use, thus reducing the cost.
. If the traffic requises 2 servers but the company
bolight 10 OUto make up for times weren trappde
is heavy, the others will go to waste
( iii) Reduced maintenance: yes.
Since the infrastructure development enveronment and
possibly Adfewales All quien by a 3 rd party service
Kauyou !
provider, elitee to no maintenance will be required by
"The third party will be in charge of ensuring the
services are provided.10.
if all the infrastructure and software was owned
by kaufon it would have to Venoule maintenance
for it's analysis.
(b)
yes.
(is the company's data that has to be stored increases
So does the threat to the data especially since
it is going global. thus the company cain buy it's
oun infrastructure and create its own
private cloud.
Public clouds and hybord are usually untrusted due
to Multilenancy.
( i) Private cloud willhelp this company from
A niche industry to istanuse the clouds to its
needs and further help efficient processing and
analysis of data.
(iii) A well developed company can afford a siwale
cloud that 'suit its needs rather than use
IL public clouds exposed to several threats.
They can add their own layers of security for
the Arwate cloud to maintain security,
( iv) Data privacy is a big concun with clouds especially when
il concerns video capture and being recorded. A pirate
cloud ensues that stops toward increasing privacy.
are taken.
