a.Yi)UM Elasticity is an incportant feature provided by
Cloud Computing. This would be important for Kayrou
Fuc because they are collecting a lot of data from
different users . The intervals at which data is
being collected Re also very small In order to ensure
that one usee cannot access the data collected from
another user, it is important that these virtual
machines work independently. Every intersection will
have it's own virtual machine so that the data is
not mixed up. As more and more intersections get
busy , more virtual machines can be added . If chances
of misses and accidents reduce, a virtual machine
Can be semmoved from the system In this way, even
the resources will iutilised effectively without any
wastage (6
( ii ) No uhrout cast is another factor that will be
important to the Company. In order to monitor thecity,
' video cameras and dedicated computing have been
deployed . If uhobout cast was present, it would be
very expensive for the company as the city will do
having many busy intersections and each would cost
a lot of money . Thie money can be utilised in a
better way instead of this This feature will
beth the company in putting more efforts in the
analysis of information rather than collection. The
processing can also be in a letter way if more
funds are dedicated to this.
[ii) Reduced maintenance PS One of the most important
advantage for KI. The city will be possessing many
intersections each of which will have a video camera
and dedicated computing. Further, a lot of data will
he collected from these cameras every 24 hours.
Maintaining so many carreras, servers and data can
be cumbersome fol a local /Startup . Cloud filovides
them the benefit of storing data capily and care of
access from anytohell . Further , the resources will also
be saved as only limited date is being transferced
to cloud This will reduce maintenance costs for the
company and allow it to focus on other important
things like processing.
b) Fuitially, KD was a local startup covering just
a city. In such a scenario, frublic cloud is suitable
because not many entities are involved . Considering
that now KI is international , and will cover 75%
of the cities, it is important to ensure that data
is safe . For a frublic cloud , security and data breach
are of concen. Hence , it would be better for Ks
to build their own private cloud. Private cloud is
rely secure as compared to a public one. Whensuch
hig cities are involved it is important that data
collected is protected . This data can be misused by
other countries and cause serious refuecussions . Public
cloud Re accessible to anyone which can result in
data breach. If the cloud is freivate, data will be
lato within the organization and only accessible to
the members of KI. Further, data management wit
also be within the organization which will
ensure that no outside member of unauthorised
herson is able to access the data.
