. Ans a) 1 ) UM Elasticity - this would not mostly be useful to Kayven tric. as they This land berturerwould be useful ts Koyvan Inc as it will bravide them with mumersus working tools and procedures ts work on outs that is stared in the velsud. ii) No upfront cast - This would be useful to Ksyvsc Inc as for the specist and interesting for which much work is required they can stare the dats in the icloud and berform varias analysis using the usrises service bisvistes by the CSPs. They don't have to set up their own systems as they can use the already avrilable cloud services . This will prevent them from upfront cost . iii) Reducest maintainsuce - This usuld be impactent and useful for Ksyvon Inc. as the maintiensce usuld be taken verre of by the CSP. The cloud service provider is responsible for system and network msintsinsauce and hence this will reduce. the mintsisuce work load on Keyvon Ince far suats stored in vcloud. b) Since , KI has grown to be a big company to Cover 75% of the world's big cities, they must build their own private cloud. This is because of the variary security and privacy. concerns - 1 ) Compliance - 1) what are the compliance requirements ? 2) Who has delfines compliance and is responsible for it ? 3) What are the laws standsils and requisties concerning the information. iis storage - 1 ) Where is the data stored in the cloud physically 2 2 ) Is the dats communicated to different country ? Sometimes the organisations cannot sind certain dsts to other countries as prohibited by law. iii) Retention - "How lang is the date retained 2 2) What is the retention bolicy and who manages it ? iv ) Destruction - How does the cloud bravider destroy dita ?. 2 ) Is it really sdestroyed or just isole unsusilable to the oymisstion 2 3 Does the CSP hold the dats longer than usual to carry out data mining for their own use ? 4) Does the destroyed koleave back any traces ? V ) Privacy breaches- 1 ) Havo Ises the CSP know that a breach has occurred? C- 2 ) Does they notify the osmisation ressisting the bresch ? 3 ) What if the breach has occured due to negligence of the CSP and who should be accountable for that 2 