A says UM elasticity It would be uwhorbut to
KI because in cloud
computing, one of main features of cloud
is the elasticity, it's late ismea
continuously
being Sent to server, resources are being
used only when required. Otherinse ithey are
being used for maybe say some other business
As KI is getting charged only when resourced
are being used i .e. when a near muss ot
accident clip is sent to the cloud for further
analysis, it is being benefitted wilk UM
elasticity .
iii, No upfront cost- the to large economies of
scale, services in cloud are provided at
minimal costs. Aud as a result of this,
anyone can go global at mminimal upfront
wast. Same is the case with KJ. it has benefit
ted from this feature and it has helped the
KI to reduce itsexpenditures to a great extent.
":" > Reduced Maintenance - Feature of any dinfrast-
- ructure is that it requires
maivilainenc. But if Nur services are deployed
at cloud, wwweneed to worry only about software
ofplication rather than all other maintainences.
Ao KI has benefitted from this feature as
land service provider is taking care of all the
maiorence with KI to worry minal
about it.
(4 ). KI should build their own private cloud
now. They are about to cover 75 % of
world's bip cities. Means that they are already
a big fish in market. Having good amount
of money and talent they can now go
for private cloud as there are certain
restrictions with public cloud such as : -
1. Data at shared location- Our data is saved
aloup with other people's
data. If souvething goes wrong, date can be
comprenused .
2. Securely Concern . there is increased security
swish in public cloud for
data breaching
And private clouds on the other hand have
certain advantages like: -
1.
Own datacenter- we have physical space dedicat
id only for our use. No one
else's data is stored there.
2. High security - lile define who can access the
date and who can't willing
our agoization. This providing beter control.
Considering all benefits KI should go for
ouvate cland so that its data remains
safe and it doesn't lose the trust of
masses.
