Question 1 :
KI is a local startup to monitor and record near misses and accidents,
Only "interesting" cases would be send to chaud for storage and further
analysis.
( a )
Cloud computing is used.
( 1) I'M Elasticity.
- VM Elasticity refers to the benefit of cloud computing where the VMS
being put to was are flexible and their number could be increased
Dr decreased depending on use. For KI, it is just the interesting cases of
hits ver misses that would be sent to cloud for storage, hence it has
little usage of VM elasticity. But Since the application involves
potential of further analysis, Nem elasticity will be useful feature
. Analysis of the video clips and privacy to the drivers would require
VM Elasticity
(ii ) No Upfront Cost-
"Since KJ is noing cloud computing , there are no initial upfront
costs that the company has to lear!
The company would wa 3 rd party infrastructure or even platform
services and herre there would lee no need to invest in hardware
resources of their own.
. They being a startup could save a lot of money by woing 3 rd party
IT resources provided over the Internet because of cloud computing
by the CSPS.
. These resources are also scalable , elastic , on-demand and pay as you
go, pay as por usage .. this feature of no upfront cost is very
important to KJ.
(Iii ) Reduced Maintainance
. The services provided by the CSP would decrease the work of KI compan
as there is minimal need for maintainance.
. All the infradutural and platform services provided by the CSP would
reduce the need for maintainance and help them focus on appl"
and analysis work.
. One of the most important feature of no or minimum maintainance
is also very useful for KI.
(e) If KI grows and becomes International then they could build their
own private cloud or they could even use hybrid deployment cloud
Since the company now covers 75% of the world's big cities, there
would be a lot of data to be atard & analyzed and hence the
computation needs would also be high& the need for resources
would also increase .
" since it is mentioned that nowe the organization has grown
international and also we need to provide privacy to drivers,
cyclists & pedetrains ly denoturing the video, it is essential that
-
proper analysis be done & final results would be stored properly.
. It would be a good option to build their own private cloud " then
it would provide them with the facility of customized analysis &
sources and the data could only be accessed by their own team.
ADY of PRIVATE CLOUD
. Add" option to the used could
. Security of Lata
be HYBRID which is a
. customized Usage
perfect balance of public&
. Reliability
private
. Scalability
. Maintainance according to use .
10
DISADE
- cost
