Ques ) a) i ) VM Elasticity - since, KI is sending data only for the "interesting' cases to the cloud, VM elasticity can be beneficial to them . This is because, each VM will separat- ely analyze the data for cars, bicycles and pedestrians. Since, a combined result has to show about the nearly misses on the cloud, the exchange of data inc. frequency of accident at each time slot for 3 separate cases can be interchanged and an overall analysis of graph can be updated. 91 VM elasticity will be there the information can be exchanged better. "ai ) No Upfront Cost - This will be important to KI since the main purpose of the KI is for the benefit of society (public such that public can know where and at what time they can be careful in their sood activities . If the KI will place upfront cost, the general public, society will not get benefitted from the results since people tend to be more involved in service which is available as free . iii) Reduced maintenance - This factor is not beneficial to KI. Since the data is calculated for 24/7/365 tenure, it needs to be updated and maintained on regular basis . If the KI will decide the reduction in mainten- ance, the cloud data can get loss, become redundant , Hence , high maintenance is required . Moreover the video cameras for survilleance will require maintenance since they tend to get faulty after certain terre. b ) No, KI should not build their own private cloud. This is because: (!) the main purpose of KI is to analyze the public data i.e. accidents and misses for 24/7/365 tenure. The result of the analyzed data should be accessible to public so that they can take preventive measures at that particular time or day. ( 2 ) KI can opt for Hybrid deployment model . since, the basic functionality of sewer will be hidden , the admin panel can analyze alata without showing the actual procedure followed for analyzation And the Result only can be made public because society & general people will be interested in results rather then steps followed. 10 B) It will be easy for the KI users to exchange the final results of with their known ones if the cloud will be public or rather hybrid. ( 4 ) The model will be cost- effective and public can utilise it the way and at any time they want to. ( 5 ) If the cloud go private, coat will be very high, mountenance and privacy security cost will be high and hence company can go into losses if the data is attacked or privacy is breached at any time 