1 . a. ") Given that kl plans to capture 20 frames / sec . gives ; total = ( ( 20 * 60 ) * 60 ) * 24 per day (72000 ) x 21 frames / day This gives data of streaming ; but Since dedicated computing at each intersection; processes and analyse every captured viles. there essentially is no implemented benefit of the otherwise feature, VM elasticity ? has is a evident that if the number of interesting streams increases to be sent over clove with limited bandwidth ; the number of ferames being sent at a time remain constant ( i.e. 20 f. / sec ). i ) Upfront Cost for a cloud service being paid by the customer has not been a part. Absence of such cost when upfront computing is a part of clovel service performance has marty # effect on Kayvon Inc . This is significant because Kayvon sends only selected data ( video ) to the cloud , bounce paying for upfront service everytime will add to the not A0 necessary costings . Unlike ; delicated video capture, transmission to cloud is not continous which makes it a boon for Kayvon to enjoy no upfront cost. Ky Kayvon Inc c a company will be benefitting en from ' reduced maintainance' factor of cloud computing . Res Resetting contreds, formatting storage drives and other perpetual maintenance tasks core ereduced being a CSP's responsibility. Therefore , this will benefit the 6 Company which can put it's resources for other mountenances -) liven that KI will cover 75% of world's big cities ; it is imperative that a lot of data will be streamed over various far away parts of the world. Cloud service that exists for Kayvon Inc. will fer required to expand itself accomodating more data for analysis . This will be achieved only when Kayvon builds its own private cloud which can le momged and run by the company itself or a third party provider. This is because - . Since the service is distributed all over the world , a dedicated cloud is required . . Since data needs to be stored and canaly? lyzed privately; only exclusive access under authorization is possible for members 8 Kayvon . ( ie . Private Cloud ) . The hardware and infrastructure may be present at individual cities or offshored to a third party service provider. Kayson when required will customize its controls and other cloud storage - settings according to the state of various terminal collection ( cach camera with its fuel ). - Cost ut to cut sim . Though the collecting terminals will be all over the world a single cloud will hold all the data centeralles and will provide when required by administrator or authorized personnel . 