ANSWER-1 ( A) ( ? ) VM ELASTICITY The feature of Kin Elasticity would be important to Kayvon Inc. because the data to be stored in their cloud not fixed. Since only the interesting " cases are being sent to cloud for storage, the load on the cloud mary from day to day. Since UM Elasticity provides to the cloud user the feattlee that the no of Vms will be hamed as and when the need changes Example: 9 D to load 7 80%, double the no-of liA machines to balance out the load. Hence , VARYING LOAD on Cloud makes VM elasticity feature umportant to the company ( 11 ) NO UPFRONT COST cloud computing offers the feature of PAY As you Go ! is only pay for the services you use , A no lupfront cost to be beene. Since the company is going to use the Cloud services, so. the Abbey won't be able to take adventage of the Me Upfront cost feelive. however ; they will only pay for the devices they will use REDUCED MAINEANCE Cloud Computing offens the feature of Reduced Maintenance by providing various facilities by the Cloud service Provider like the: - Compliance Management - Regular updation of Show & M/w - Security & Rivacy System Checks - Making sure no sevince of cloud Is Down. - Removal of unnecessary & old files keeping the system neat & updated. bince the startyp : Kavyon inc, has a lot of other tasks to do like LA) Processing of videos ( 3 ) Analysis of videos . (C) Installation of Cameras at Roads ( D ) collection 0 videos , Hence the overhead of system Maintenance would only add to their work . Hiena Reduced Maintenance feature would help the startup to perform efficiently. ( B ) 4 KI, coven 75% of world's biggest cities & has to collect data for each one of them, it would be NOT ADVISABLE to build them Oun Private Cloud be que. Very High Gast. : having the enti data centres application, network architechine on , Q perate cloud for humongously huge data ( in Terabytes OR more) would bear a very high cost to the company. Difficult maintenance : with only Restucled access to the company employs, the mainteamce of data would be a huge overhead to the company. Even y the SP does it, it would have to be off premises. it would make the maintenance difficult. The date of Company Involved does not have. Any Personal auto Since the KI Roitup do only saving ideas of random peoper 8 sawing & analysing it no such theeat to any confidential or personal info for which entice application needs to be hosted on private cloud Hena, thes defies the major wason to deploy on a purate Cloud. 