Ques - 1 ( a ) ( 1) VM Elasticity : = > It is stated that KI will be sending near misses and accident data to the cloud . These kind of situations however can mot be accurately predicted in order to correctly estimate the requisite resources, for storage. Therefore, at any time frame, higher no . of accidents cam scour, thereby generating more data . In order to mitigate this kind of a scenario, elasticity in provisioning resources the cloud is a must. (ii) no upfront cost: - > Since it is stated that KI is a startuh , they will, is a high probability be short on cash. , the Also , the success or failure of the startup will be dubbious at initial stages. In this case, having a cloud- based , highly scalable infrastructure with no iffrent cast will prove to be immensely beneficial to the nascent organisation ( 111 ) Reduced maintenance : - Again, being a start-rep, KI will try to keep its manhower costs to munimum . If it were to set wh it's own et data storage infrastruce, it would entail the cost of hiring a professional IT team on it's payroll. chart from the infrastructure cost itself . However, going will a clard service provider it can offload all such costs to the CSP, leading to reduced maintenance . The latter case will hence prove to be of greater value to the company. It will get rid of the headache of maintaining infrastructure along with the costs. Ques - 1 ( e ) = ) The scale of growth that KI has seemed to active will enable it successfully transfer to its own private cloud. Converting to a private cloud , it can still read all benefits that the public cloud offered vig- a - vig near infinite scalability , elasticity w. s . t demand etc. Along with this ouwall cloud will bung along it's added advantages - they can obtain flexibility of usage and regulations , stringent compliance management, and unproved security parameters. ol Plus, since the scale of the company is almost at rome, economies of scale will bode well M terms of cost. The marginal cost of maintaining surplus infrastructure will drastically decrease . Therefore, KI can successfully transition to a private cloud from a public cloud without having any negative impact on its business as well technotal fronts . 