( i) UM Elasticity: UM Elasticity refers to the dynamic and easy access of more resources or release of resources on account off low usage / wrequirening Yes, NM Elasticity would be important to Kayvon for this project as there might be " peak time during the day, when there is high traffic ( office hours) und the possibility of mear accidents Cine. the " interesting cases " ) might be rhigher than usual . This would call for more processing and storage Copocities. Whereas, there might be times when the roads are empty ( such as, late at night ) . Atthose times the processing erequirements would be low. Thus, plasticity In resources is a required, and important benefit which must be taken care $. ii) No upfront cost : since the amt of was resources being used might vary even by the hover, thus the organization would say only for the resources which it is using. Thus, No upfuent cost is a benefit which makes cloud computing more cost effective technique . As the project mentioned in the question is spread over a large area for bl long duration of time, the difference in cost would be thigh and thus an important benefit. (ii ) Reduced maintainance : A cloud based system would call for reduced maintenance as much of the maintainance job is handled by the Cloud Service provider. O Theus , Kayvon won't have to worry about the hardware ( storage and networkmain- toinance, thees, clearly an added benefit. whis ( 1 ) ( 6 ) Having a private cloud would certainly have some benefits which are . - customized according to need - less isecwrites and privacy issues But it swee would bring certain disadvantages for Kayvon. These would be: 1) additional maintainance required 2) requirement (space, investment, hardware) would be huge to build their owen cloud. 3 ) Since the denatwring is done at the intersection itself, having a puittate closed to store the data which was anyway be not vuurealing any identities, would be a waste .> from public to private at 4 ) migrating ( auch a high level ( 75.1. of big cities) would be cumber some thus, going for a puinate elded would increase the cost and mampower to Kayvon. So, it should not opt for Private cloud. They could switch to hybrid cloud to cose meop the bonefits of a private cloud as needed } required - 