( ! ) UM ELASTICITY :
- KI is planning to capture the video at a sustained frame
grab rate of to frames per second, 24 hours, per day for a
year . That will result in a lot of data to be stored on
the virtual machines ( considering a wide range of interesting
cases as well ) . This means that the it VM will need to expand
it's storage when the load ucreases
- Whereas if for a day ( os month) there are less number of
interesting cases that are reported, the vr can Reduce its storage
Requirements accordingly
-
FHence VM elasticity will be of vimportance to Kayvon tuc.
( M ) NO UPFRONT COST :
- since the bandwidth from the intersection to the cloud is limited ,
the company has to process the streams of data at the
intersection only, this might increase the overhead load for
mocessing .
- So to find the data to the server, KI well have to buy
extra bandwidth morder to send huge amount of data.
This well add to the cost of the total project.
- IFHence KI will have to face upfront cost of increasing bandwidth
moeder to use the cloud computing resources over the internet.
( M ) REDUCED
MAINTENANCE :
public
- If the application is hosted on the cloud, the client is free from
the hassles of maintaining of seven, networks or storage
requirements
- The cloud provider can alter the storage requirements
and balance the excess load ( of videos ) an its ston, hence the
customer doesn't have to worry about the maintenance .
- The only concern in this system would be of privacy of the
derivers whose riders are being sent over the public wetwork.
For this the KI plans to denature the video. Hence maintenance
will not be air isslie
144) Sivice KI has grovon and gone international, it is advised
that they build their own private cloud because of the
following reasons : -
11) Since KI now covers 15% of the world's cities, that means
the scale of operation has increased . It well now
house its servers at multiple locations.
So Mistead of single point of attack their are multiple points
of attack for the organisation
since the surface area has wereased , the velocity of attack
will increase over a public network.
Large operations over a public loud is hence not
advisable .
is ) Since KI now covers 75% of the world's cities ie it has
more data of divers around the globe.
Storing this data over a public cloud makes it vulnerable to
attacks of dat resulting in data breach and loss of privacy
FHence to avoid any issues related to privacy it should
build a private cloud which is operated by busted people .
( iii ) An increase in number of cities means that KI will have to
Ston the data at specific locations (due to privacy norms of
vasious countries), public cloud will not allow this kind of
Storage flexibility, hence it is advisable for KI to build
orwate data centies & private cloud .
lir ) Building a private cloud for their application will also
ensure greater control over their resources and data. They
will be owners I custodians of the data they use, process and
maipulate. This kind of freedom is not possible over a
public cloud .
