1. Casio UM Elasticity - Virtual Machine Elasticity
is a feature of cloud computing wherein
the Virtual Machine can grouw as required
by the customer. growth have refers to
the hosting ability of the virtual machine
like the no. of guest OS hosted or the
amount of storage available etc .. This wit
This
would
benefit kay von Inc in a
way that the don't need to from their
cloud computing requirements beforehand and
can suply ask for more as they require.
For example- if kayvon. Inc grows to more cities
Ho (11, No upfront cost .- upferent cost refers to
the cost of setting up a cland computing
environment. since a CSP has a lot of
customers, the and the early formed
nature of upfront cast, CSP doss met
o to put upfront cost to its customers.
In case of by kayvon Inc, if they were to
go for more of their cloud computing erequirements,
no upfront cost wate would befit them as
they would just need to pay for the service not the
cost of setting up and their overall cost re is redhead,
(Iii) Reduced Maintenance - Kay von. Inc. being
a local startup must be already
using its work force to for the assigned
work i.d to monitor and record near misses
and accidents. Bling a start up, if they
had to maintain tout chand environment , they
would require more work force and hunt,
6
micur more cost. By using a third party
CSP, The don't have to worry about
maintenance and hence reduce their costs .
(b) Now that Kagvon Inc. has grown up to
+ 75% % of the world's big cities , having
a permate
chaud will still be a bad ida
Ame because:
( 11 Requirements - To setup their own private
cloud, the company would need to forsee.
their future requirements from the cloud
and set up accordingly which might be
more or less than the actual. Using a
third party GG longe service, would same
them them
from this .
Billy changing time. - The quality of the inderastress
used changes with tune and with changing time
setting up of neue infrastructure will vost
each time A while third party csp das
not cost as much.
lil) global Datacenters . Since the company is
global now, they will have to set up datas
cantine all over the world to cake with
the availability problems which is already
provided by the CSPs.
ling, sime the analysis is for the city authorities, tres
there is not much of combany-specific blauwate
data that they might need a private cloud.
