( 1 ) VM Elasticity
Yes , Elasticity would be important to Kavyon Inc. as
(by applying Mad
- they'll require GPUS for processing and analyzing the
video data of the "interesting" cases. Their need of GPUS
will be Elootic, i.e they might need the 10 powerful GPUS in
a month and might need only 1 in other depending upon
the "interesting " data they collect.
- similarly their need of storage will be Elastic, depending
upon whether they continue to keep How dab after analyzing
or delete it permanently
Since the computational & storage needs of Kavyon Ine are Elotic,
they'll be benefitted greatly by choosing cloud services.
(11) No upfront cost
Yes , This will be very beneficial for Kavyon Inc as:
- Being a local and budding startup, it would be difficult for
buying resources for
them to invest in the heavy computational requirements
# they have. To perform such an analysis, they'll need
powerful GPUS which Do lowy and be will be used
to train deep learning models . Present day cost of a good
Deep learning rig, with NVIDIA GTX 108OT; YGB is 1.5 lakhs.
tens
They might require E or hundreds of such rigs , with
Whereas on cloud they might do away with a bill of Llakh
only , As they themselves don't know what their computational
needs are it would be better
to use cloud with no -upfront
cost &onpay as you go basis.
learning algorithms )
111 ) reduced maintainence
Yes, this will also be very beneficial, because :
- Other than the monetary investments, GPUS require great time
and skill investments upfront to setupand work| whereas on
10
cloud , they'll get UPUs which will be just ready to work with
all the drivers , SUDA Toolkit & libraries installed !
- Also as GPUS do computationally mitensive work, their mainbience
requirements like cooling, fans etc are high. On cloud, all of
this is monaged by Cloud Service Provider & the startup can
focus on what's important i .e build the .Deep learning model for
the Aechware .
( b )
Since KI has become so big , it should build it's own
private cloud ? , as :
-
As now they must be sure of their computational needs
( maybe with 2-3% error ) it would be good for them to buy
their own GPUS, customize them according to their own needs,
(like install Deepstream SDK of NVIDIA for doing video analysis,
which can't be moblled presently on GPUS made available by AWS
our GOOGLE Cloud.
- At ouch a large scale ,
lost of maintaining their
Cost of lending them from
GPUS would be
LL
CSP .
- Moreover, in their Private Cloud, there won't be issues of
Trust with the CSP, as everything will be managed and
monitored by them.
because of CSP
- There won't be data privacy concern's
as They'll be storing
data on their own seruess.
- Also , only their GPUs & servers would run the million
dollar deep learning model they would've bult & these won't
be any fear of anyone stealing it on a public cloud.l
