CLOUD COMPUTING
Ams 1 : ( a) 11.2 VM ELASTicity:"VM elasticity would be very beneficial
factor of cloud computing i'm the given scenario. 4M elasticity
refers to cloud's capability to expand | metmail its resources according
to demand and need. Since the Surveillance system is designed
for full-time surveillance, the data requirements, heree cloud requirement
will be more during peak working Jours (8am-10 a.m, aften 5 P.m.)
and will be very low frost midnight. Therefore, the 'M elasticity
property of cloud computing helps to adjust the resource
utilization in such case of uneven utilizations. Furthermore,
traffic ( sle near misses and accident ) chances are more on weekdays
than weekends.
( 11 ) NO UPFRONT COST : Simce Kayvon Inc. is a startup, it's always difficult
to gather initial capital for infrastructure (server) setup. But, with
cloud computing, there is no upfront cost and it is based on PAY-As-you-
- USE" basis. This is a huge advantage for startups, as the resources are
filled only according to utility and no initial investment to
G
required.
(iii) REDUCED MAINTENANCE : Simu keyvon Inc. is a starty, and for
initial years of a company major focus is on application development
and business cupansion,Using cloud computing, they need not
require resources for maintenance, which is done by CSP ( cloud
Suivice Provider) In this case. So the company could focus on its
working and need not worry about server maintenance.
Amst ( b): After KI has grown and gone international, covering 75%
would's big cities, it would be vereficial for it to shift to their
private cloud. Private cloud has following advantages which are required
by KI : -
( 1) Better customization of cloud services for use case dependent resource,
(ii) No external dependency.
( iii) No SPF ( single point of failure ) outside the system.
Iv ) Perimeter protection | Smaller tmust boundary.
( V) Security and confidentiality.
Therefore, for a big company, which can afford huge sethey investments
and maintainence expenditure, fiorivate cloud has and. imadvently high
advantages over public cloud.
