VM Elasticity Elasticity is the property of cloud compu. - ting architecture which allows for the automatic provisioning and dehrowsioning of resources on demand. In this case, the accidents & near musses that the application will monitor will be very high during office hours a 'oclock & s'o clock . " Hence by using the VM Elastic Property the application will be able to acquire resources as needed. 2) No upfront cost - Yes this feature of the cloud dichitecture will be of great utility. As mentioned in the previous point the need of processing Lower will le uneven from hour to hour & even Trom day to day ( weekend us weekdays) Hence it would be beneficial for the company to only hay for what they actually use. 3 Reduced Maintainence If you own your own data center you'd have to take care of electricity bulls, refour servers that have broken clown and arrange for backup in case of data-loss. All these things will require huge amount of time, money. Iusted, When you lury cloud computing services, the CSP ends up managing all these thing and the the company can concentrate on building its ahb. Hence cloud computing definitely results in reduced maintainence b. Yes, the company should definitely build its own ourate cloud, Here are the reasons .- O sensetive data when the company will cover 75% of all the major cities, the amount of data it will process and store will be huge. All the data will e sensitive and the company would hot like it to be leaked, on a public i cloud, the company would have to Share its resources with other companies this will lead to cdanger of its data being com promised. Hence, it will be letter to use a private cloud in which the company would have complete control over its data 2 Legal matters If the company has to operate in several 0 countries the government would not like their data compromised. For eg If the company operates in both Ching & US, but decides to use a hublic cloud provider like Amazon , which has data centers onlyin Us aurore A India, it will be unaccehtable to the chinese gout. Hence, using a hurate China - based cloud would be suited for this condition, 