Answer 1:
( a) ( 1) VM Elasticity is a phenomenon or benefit of
cloud computing that states that cloud computing
is elastic in nature . It can be stretched and shrinked
according to the demand. VM Elasticity is not as important
to kayvor Inc. as it seems . ou Elasticity means that
cloud resources can be extended when traffic is high and
shrinked when Incoming Traffic is low.
In this case the data is always increasing since the
roads will always be busy and there can be chances
of accidents ( near misses ) at any time during day or
night. so there Is no use of shrinking or reducing
resources.
( 11 ) No upfront cost is an important feature of cloud
computing that can benefit e Kayvon Inc. Seite
The company does not have to set up its own data center,
home infrastructure and enforce security policies . It is
very convenient for the company to simply rent cloud
resources from the CSP and use them . No upfront cost
of data centers, employees, computer machines and the
headache of managing the resources. The
company " just has to ( pay as you use) basis.
( 111) Reduced maintenance is another feature of cloud
computing that can help kayvon Ine sirice the
company Is using cloud resources it is the
headache or the responsibility of the cloud service
Provider ( CSP ) to take care of the maintenance of
the cloud Resources. The company is simply weine the
resources of the Cloud and does not worry about
the & maintenance. security issues Is also The Ceps
responsibility . Maintenance charges and upfront costs
are beared by the Cloud service Provider. Company only
pays rent for vally the resources !
(b ) since Kayvon Ine. has grown and gone international
covering 75% of the world's biggest cities, I believe they
should build their own private cloud due to the
following reasons :
. Since the company grown too big It must havea
lot of data to store in the cloud every second . They
&
using public / hybrid cloud will turn out to very
costly
for the company. Instead file company can
bear a one time capital Investment in setting up it's
own private cloud which is an economical approach.
. fue the data is too thuge and involves the world
population as a whole, privacy is a major concern.
Potential hackers can pose grave threats to the data if
It is stored with a CUP and the CSP's security " is not
up to date . The company's whole reputation can
be destroyed by a cimple breach. Thus using a private
cloud ic advisable.
. since the company wants to analyze the data, setting
up a private cloud will give them more flexibility
In doing the same . They can process The data acc. to
their own requirements.
. This will strengthen the trust of all the city authorities,
in the company and the overall reputation and worth of
the company will Increase.
