i )
VM Elasticity
VM Elasticity would be important because elasticity in VMs will help in tue
smooth and
efficient functioning of the UMA. VM Elasticily would
ensure that
the VMa work efficiently and the process of captime
Videos in runs 24/7 without any problems, lays, delays etc.
fHence UM Elasticity will be important.
ii ) No Upfront cost
Wo Upfront Coat will be very important to the start-up and will
prove quite beneficial because the lost is not involved and the
start-Up cary/use this money money on other expenditures by the
it an use this cost for its further grouwth and development.
Hence , there
be
a lot of benefit to the start -up y' there is no
upfront cost.
iris Reduced Maintenance
Since the cameras are supposed to run 2917 re, the camera are
supposed to run all the time, then in order to lusure that
there is no restrictions or barrier that occurs in the worlking of
the Camera, huge maintenance " frequried morder to ensure
proper functioning of the cameras due to which a lot of lot
occurs on maintenance. So, if there toutthex is a possibility of
reduced maintenance then the additional money can be spent
somewhere else. Therefore, reduced maintenance will benefit:
b ) Since KI has grown to a great entent that meange KI i rly
cconsumically starory and it was sufficient funds and assets
to incur any loss or to Inculcate any change in the infrastructure
in the future. That means KI has the capability to bring Ature
changes. Presently KI is using cloud service frour some provider
and for this, it has to pay quice to the company. Now, i
it plans to build its own private cloud for the A privacy and
confidentiality concours, it should build its own private cloud
since it is having a lot of information about cas, bicycle,
pedestrians etc and this information is really
very Sensitive.
Io Swiil this Information at present is
with some Company's
cland ie , there is a possibility in the future about some
security byeach and leak of private inforundion which in turn
Can greatly affect company's projil and its reputation in swe
market . Hence , the company should definitely go with the idea of
building their own private cloud.
