Ans" ) a ) I ') UM Elasticity is the featwere provided luf cloud computing bby which I by a umitual machule the number of resources required" can be increased oh decreased in accordance with the demand and requirement of resources like storage . In this case VM clasticity will be important as with the uillease in the amount of data regarding real misses and accidents that needs to be stored , te more dorage capacity and computing resource would he ervamred . Therefore there would Lie requirement of more amount of resource whole there is large amount of data to be stored and processed. Moreover, wherenet the nurner of interesting" incidents are less in number, & there might be sequerement of decreasing the amount of resources available at those places. Therefore , UM elasticity is essential heare. ci's No wupperent cost cloud computing benefits from economy of scale and provides cost effective solution whenever computing gresouwices are required. same is the case have. since data has to be stored and analysed for a complete year, there would be requirement of lot of computing resolve. andno iochase, vistallation and management of resources would cost a lot. cloud computing Using cloud computing could he cost effective . This this benefit and feature would also e important But company will have to wear the cost of zuves ameras and willing, this there would be cost for that. cill7 Reduced maritenance I year long monitoring and recording of data and its storage and analysis would demand maritenance. Using a fulilic cloud or feunite cloud with euthe I cloud hosted at off-pourmise data centre. Managed would " but the manitenance rushonsibility , 6 thirel parly on thand haity vendors or organizations. Thus this feature is also niportant in this case. i) KI should wild its own fourate chaud because: (i)surce KI has to intake foculacy of drivers, cyclists and fedesthians, it must se ounate cloud as it is seewere as Bulky it will be accessed only by members of the bergalization them who are trusted individuals accessing the cloud. (Tin Sice now KI would become a huge Kulilic name, it has its reputation to protect ; it cannot rely on a fulllic cloud and be threatened by fortliens of security breach , data leak , chitegrity and confidentiality of data compromued Illy it KI can control and customise the fourate cloud according to it's needs which would not be possibile with a fubilic cloud. Burrate cloud will provide floubility . ( "V) by having the data centre is it's on-feremise, it can intake thyeucal security of the physical server as well For example: fourniter security, employing qualeds, CCTV carretes 4 busmetives, access control cards. full C") Metti in a fulilic cloud, theell is no a quarantee of data is des if dat how long data is grutatried , if data is destroyed completely or not, salt what alt ao is underlying architecture and functionuning. Having beet let KI contil all these a pourate cloud will issues . 