Ques I .- (a) cloud computing fous various benifits and features to the usees. (i) rm elasticity ~ Elasticity means to increase the number of Servers or decrease the number of sewers depending upon the demand or network traffic. If network traffic is move, then increase the number of ritual machines, of network traffic is less, then decrease the number of mis. 6, I'M elasticity is important for kayrontix, because it will help in Better vutilization of resources by automatically adding or removing ms. Because, otherwise if they don't use cloud or no elasticity's there, then it will lead either to idle resources or limited resources . And , the system will on crash in case of huge network traffic. ("" ) No upfront cost. No upfront cost means, KayronInc. event have to buy their own infrastructure, sewers machines, buildings etc Because , othouuns , sey would have to first of all buy new buildings, new machines , sevens and then hive employees to handle huge amount of data and processet. with cloud computing kayrontne will not have to buy servers or spend on data centres, as this e handled by the cloud survice providers itself . this also leads to effective utilization and minimal wastage of resources at minimal cost. (li 1 ) reduced maintenance with cloud ser computing , the need for maintena -nice is also reduced, since it is handled by the CSP's itself. the customer ie. Rayvoninc. won't have to wowly about the maintenance , since it is handled by CSP. The customeus can focus on the operations of cloud and processing & dala . Ques 10 ( 6 ) KI has grouen and gone international; soon to cover 75% of would's big cities. It would be beneficial for KI to have their oven pirate cloud because of the following reasons .- ( i) privacy concerns : since number of users have increased, it is more important to make sure that there data is secuered and mot accessed by others. (ii ) multitenancy - of data is stored on public cloud, then It will be more prone to attack by hackers 4 ) because, it is same infrastructure is being shared between multiple customers . In case of purrate cloud, data will be more secure , because infrastu- - stare is not Being shared with other organisations. (iii ) customizable ? It would be easy to customize the cloud as per the needs of organisation which Is otherwise not possible in case of public cloud. 