And ) : a ) et S Channel bandwidth is limited. (1) VM Elasticity It is mentioned that the model adopted by KI is forwarding only those streams of dete that are neal musses , of accidents. The processing is being low at the intersection. VM Elasticity means the was the iqurement for processing decreases, when their is more data to be processed then cloud computing architectures allar mose resources to be ilsedie when computational needs are high more processors and machines can lu put to work. This will Ier of significance for KZ as suppose ron a particules day ( say festival day), these may be more such cases o) near musses and accidents at various intersections .. More cases of accidents and near misses means more data to the processed in" cloud . Hence VMElasticity will lee very useful fimportant to Kayvon Iuc. ( 1 1) No upfront cost As ismentioned in case that kayone Inc. is a startup, and startup faces problem of low funding , . "" capital expenditure in purchasing sewers etc. may lind to utilisation off all the funds, leaving no funds for operation . No uptout cost of lound architecture and pay as per use allowskayone Inc. to focus on their algorithmes and business and keeps them from worky of high set up costs. moreover service it is just a startup, to scope is not wow properly thats why also investment in servers is not tecomended . Liii) Reduced Machtquience This maill also le of help for kayone Inc. as they are just a startup and may not live resources to 10 have a proper IT Team. with cloud service parovider talkies carenot power supply ( JUX7 ), cooly, main tainence , Kayoue Inc . need to not worry about showing an IT team for monitormence .. Rather than spending on IT Team, now it can. amploy skilled software engineers to develop efficient algoritions for analysing the video of Aus b. As explainied in the previous chapter part of this question that cost is a major reason for why Kayone ishould go for cloud architecture. If it has grown to extent where it covers 75 %. of world's big cities then due to following masons , it should go for its own private cloud. 11) It is dealing with large amount of data, of large number of people, keeping this data in public cloud which has many vulnerabilities will attract attackers for stealing the information. with pirate loud possibility of any such attack care be significantly riduced. , 75% of world's bay cities bmeans lot of data and this data will be stored un multiple data centers which tai'll have higher vot In case public cloud mighestructure. All its analysis and results are what provide business vater to KI. I'm case of any breach their analyses I results will be ed risk, threatening the entire burness itself. apart from muito. of traffic , chey grown this ig. it was information if large no of employees, their pay records, passwords, SSN etc. All these will the more safe after employing a permiment IT team and having a private ehoud setup .. Hence tousderup the risk & public ehand & Data that Kayoum Inc. is dealing with , IT SHOULD GO FOR PRIVATE CLOUD. 