6 ) . Considering the scenario if cloud computing had not been invented for major special shopping sales like Cyber Monday and Singles Day: - For an e-commerce website the company has to maintain a a) datacenter ( where it houses the details of produces ) b) suver ( to manage the user load ) Il web server ( to manage web application ) Dms mountainel over a network Scanned with CamScanner - All of the planning for nifastudie hence has to be done efore hand . ( for 50 users ) - Fou example : Ilile , deploy 3 servers on normal days I & we plan to deploy 6 servers on sale day (with no. of now using to 100 ). Now instead of 100 if 1000 user end up using the site it will lead to londres overloading of server and hence website will shut down on the crucial day of sale leading to loss of credibility of company & loss of revenire. - The company cannot immediately add on new resources without any pl planning to scale up according to the demand. - Moreover the adding this infrastructure will require a lot of investment . - On the contrary to above example if only 25 users end up on sale day it will lead to idle resources again a loss to the company. So Here is where cloud computing comes into picture :- - By hosting our website over a cloud , we save inourselves from planning about infrastructure - Incase of high demand, it CSP can scale up the resources & ease of love demand, CSP can decrease resources accordingly - cloud computing hence provides with the flexibility of using resources a's and when need arvies - In case of peak demand, CSP can payown load balancing. - Due to massive scale of economies ( ie a lot of people lubscaring Scanned with CamScanner to (SP ) the cost of sudescription to cloud services also reduces and hence saves cost on storage infrastructure & networking . Hence mee can say that cloud computing was invented due to Special shopping days and has the attributes of : - Q ) Scalibility b) Metered cost 2 ) elasticity dy flexibility to use Scanned with CamScanner 