19 - The hypervisor is a software that enables witualisation to be possibile. The UM's running over the hypervisor use its functionality to take take advantage of the underlying hardware. However, this poses a challenge, since the hyper visor manages all the VM'S. If the byhervisor get's compromised all the VM's will alsoget compromised The act of gaining control of the hypervisor using malware of rootkits is called hyper-jacking. This exposes every UM to attack and data- loss. Scanned with CamScanner There are broadly 3 categories of threats in virtual systems 1 Compute level This relates to anything and everything that runs on the hardware. Hy horusor RUM'S 3 9 ist os and applications sheafically for UM's we have 2 problems D Attacker gaining access to the UM 2) UM Shrawls The event when too many VM'S Dore poresen't for the single system and These highlems can be solved by slow down the system OVM hardening" The process of changing the default configuration of VM's to make them more resilient Q UM isolation- The process by which all the VM's operate indepen dently of each other, In case one VM encounters a security is sul. other VM's remain safe. Scanned with CamScanner 2 Network level threats Firewalls are used to restuct other computers from accessing fr sending data packets to your computers. This is accomplished by having a set of rules that dietate which to receive date from IP's aresame saber However VM to UM communication mightnever use the network and hence evade firewalls. To prevent this, virtual firewalls are built which takes care of such communication 3 Storage level threats ut As mentioned earlier, VM's use a 7 single computer and shares all the resources. However, VM's should not be able to access each others data. This can be accomplished by using 1 VM isolation - This creates a sandlos in which a UM. is unaw - - are of the esustence off other VM'S . @ Encryption s de can enciight the data So that each UM can decought only it's own data .. Scanned with CamScanner 