4 ) Ans Le -Hyp jacking Hyper-jacking also known as Hypervisor issues involves threats to Hypervisor under " Defense at compute Level". In this, the compromised , hypervisor can put all UMIS victim under attacker's control duch ythat , cumpanned hyper attacken can now Scanned with CamScanner install any unprotected hypervisor AHacker can instcell HP unprotected 1 harmful applications on the os, once uhypervisor is compromised whole system compromised Possible security theats and vulnerabilities that are inherent un virtuallied systems are ! - Multitenancy ! - mutlitenancy indudes complicated security miss wis as different organization | users are charly they resources on the same physical machine ( cloud ) in multitenancy, there can be Itreats from :- (i7 9naider ( usen thats ! - Threats can be from cloud semit roleiden user, cloud onganisation well on third party. increases, increases " As number of, coccus threat exploil External attacker I- External attacker their technical, social engineering vulnerabilities to attack further have access privileges OBEETS CSP , anch ito to attack confidentiality, integrity and availability & the cystem . Scanned with CamScanner There can be viloity Ars 2 ) Velocity A attacks on the cloud which can attacks the u'increase in surface attacks uncuase with the lystem . which can cause thwalk to 3 3 ) Denial of, senvice ! " affects the availability of the system. Denial of senvice can be ! - in Denial A Network ONS cin Denial of Application service. Thi dinial do service can pase a great that to the availability and ching stability 8 reliability % the cloud computing system. 4) Access 1 . fauces Poor acceal management cain called integrity umea to the system. as with pool access control, say steen ex- employer is acussing manipulation data poor access control f management. Data segregation !- It effects the integrity of the lystem, as improsey configuration A un, may commonsure the whole dystem and can nighity effect of the system. Scanned with CamScanner VM - specific seceenty teenniguest- comes under Defence strafies under compiti fivel. VM handining !- It is the mocess of modifying the default configuration " the UM in order to add more seaemily" Vm - imay 2) deback 2 ) VM escape !! UM escape niffers to escape of UN 01 malicious out f control alich that it of can attack other UNS on even down the UMM. 3 ) VM isolation ! " It refens to isolating the UNIS do that Uney can't du cach others' data and are independent and unaware of each other . Although, there is logical isolation which may still called a security concern, S VM mination L It is processof relocating the vintuell machine with out chutlig it down. we can comprit compromise a UM, over commonmising sewer and hyper visor nto Anotect all other UMS Scanned with CamScanner UH migration should be done un a seceened manner. Ls addition UM sinalal !" If refers to member S UMS to the system when previous UMIS al sitting ridle . This can had to ooutage of resources, nere need to protect this . 6 ) Defenal Lin clipten J. This a layered approach ( rufich nedue ute niste by providing security at pack layer Scanned with CamScanner 