Quesy
Hyper-jacking is the team used when the attack or
hypervisor is done. Basically, hyperjacking is considered
When we compromise the hypervisor by altering its working
changing
its environment etc.
The threat and vulnerabilities are :.
1 ) Inference - Inference is a threat | ruck for virtualized
systems, If an information is available to user at
one level which they can access or have access rights ,
they tend to use the information available at
lower level to uncover information at higher level.
Hence, data privacy is breached.
2) SQL infection Attack- Running a basic SQL query along
with a condition to get through the database and
sensitive information of company is what is known as
bi
SQL injection Attack. The basic format for query will be
OS
m
Select
from table- name
Where weid = " L' os 11;
t 1
the condition isI will always be tone and hence
tic
all the rows from table will be the result output of
the
the
query. Hence, 1=1' should be checked.
is/
an
3) Multi-Fenancy - since vistualized system support
in
multi- renancy of the systems/ ie. many VMs can run
air
on single
machine, it can pose a threat to system ,
this is because , the isolation and data exchange minimi-
Zation will be difficult for such large number of
Scanned with CamScanner
(4) VM escape - when a UM escapes from control of hypervisor
because of malicious file or malicious UM, it
possesa
security threat to other UNS in virtualizated system.
5) UM Sprawl - The instances of VMS are increasing but the
already instantiated VMs are idle and hence resources an
wasted and lance data loss, everyy less,
NM. specific security techniques are :
1) VM isolation - the VMs that are installed on single hypewis
or are isolated from each other such that functioning
of one UM is not visible to other . It is a security
technique because even if UM escapes from the hypewison
it control, it cannot aller or exchange data with other
8
VMs and rence malicious software, file prevents to go
further .
2 )
VM hardening - VM hardening is another technique. She
main agenda of hardening is to update and use antivions
at the installation level. The configuration is dove
in the proper secure environments and hence, from
installation to wage everything is hardened and it
becomes difficult for the attacker to break the
hardeneed layer and leat the information.
Scanned with CamScanner
