4. Hyper - jacking is the event of gaining an unauthorized access to the control of a thypervisor . This , important because tt control of the VMM ( virtual Machine Monitor) is in crucial for efficient working the Virtual Machines . The working of VM's con be overtaken and they the it can be badly effecting the virtual system. Security Threats and vulnerability that are inherent in virtualized systems are : Interal Threats - a . Malicious content by a , clouder service provider ( virtuel system ) 6 . Malicious content by a cloud service user c. Malicious. content on date by the third party consultant . External Threats a . Remote Software Attack of cloud service customer b . Remote Saftwere Attack of the cloud service user c . Remote hardware attack agginst the cloud. cloud ( virtual systems ) 9. Remote hardware and software / attock against the cloud sowie & usals, endpoint softwary orgemisation and hardwares. Wate Segregation - a. Incompletely defined security parameters. b. Incomplete configuration of virtual systems, potential opportunity for attack ) . Scanned with CamScanner User Access - Administrative authentication detall, shall be very secure since this is the easiest of most vulnerable resource . Data Quality - Introduction " faulty applications over virtualized systems leads to transfer of on faulty dater that is a Aheat of applications , system's integrity of virtual systems. Dos ( Denial of Service ) Akack - Jhis is a bombardment of request congest the traffic so much, so as to block the network of the virtual systems. It can to also be of Ddos ( Distributed Denial of Service), where more than one source request is working. Example - System's DNS Dos, data Dos. . Physical Disruptions . These are mostly a part of failure of Systems or cn intentional physical breach to disrupt 6 a virtual system. ex . - Disruption & IT Services clove service provider by physical access. user . Change Management - changes made to the virtual systems can tis make the service unreliable at some parts and time .. To all these threats and vulnerabilities . VM- specific - security techniques are - il VM Isolation This the principle that keeps the various Virtual Machines independent of each other . Jrus network Scanned with CamScanner segregation is impotent to aviod data leakenge or breach two or more virtual system's information . ii ) VM migration - This the process when the Virtual Machine changes its host 02 the hypervisor . This has to be a secure process since the Virtual Machine changes its parent VMM . iii ) VM Spraund - when the number of VM'S increase substantially over a site hypervisor, the UM simply Sprawl to another one to decongest . and balance the load over severould VMMS . Scanned with CamScanner 