4 ) Hypejacking accrues at the compute level . In this the hypervisor is compromised and hence that affects the Viutual machine. A hypervisor ou a Virtual machine monitor is a piece of firmware, software as houdwave that creates ana momages virtualisation. Hypervisor Lits between the hardware of the host and the quest as and amount, access to of resources bilw an the applications and software and puoussou ana handwar . Hyperjacking is when the hypervisor is compurmised . This Ran had to security breath as the Virtual machines will be affected and the abra can be leaked. The violinmadmais on At compute Level the hypeavisos, Guestos, UM ana 3 physical server all nud to be becula. sonderphone Some ) the threats & and vulnerabilities in virtualised Systems all - Is Thuears related to the injourmation that is stored 11. The Et different him & attacheus ano variety of attacks 111. Velocity of allack Iv . The new emerging security tueals V. The leurs welded to claid computing andthenter Scanned with CamScanner There are two types of attacheus If Inteunal - They already have the wisting knowledge about the information . They use the euisting priveledges using which they lead von suppour thilld panty customeus to attack the virtualised system . 2 . External . - They are not employed by providers ou thina pauly. They do not have any cuisting information Ou preuveledges They use social, technical engineering to attack the system. Attacks The Specific security techniques include - Io Security at compute havee 11. Security at network hevel 111. Physical suwere at data centres To & maintain Security at Compute Level la Hypervisor 11. Physical Selevel 111 . Guest os IV. VM -- He physical sauver Decide if - The physical selever is to be used as general on you Specific use + ' Puoper culthentication and authorization removed I The unused ports should be protected and d - CCTV Aweveillance Scanned with CamScanner 11) Hypervisor - The hypervisor should not be compromised as that wads to security and privacy threats you VMS 111) Handening of VM and Guest os . This means changing of default configuration to insure security 11) Security at network level . Demilitarized zone - The most Vulnerable modes all those that are in direct contact with the users these are The end nodes mostly liu Email applications etc. These are placed into Separate Sub netwoules boetesb . These Sub netwoules are called demilitalized zone. . Data in flight - Data that is in fromsit needs to bepunticted and incrypted otherwise it may lead to date leavage TLS and SSL Que two ways to physical 111 Security at data centers Is CCTV Surveillance 24X7 In Biometric idatipasa authentication 111. multiple levels of identification Scanned with CamScanner . Data Shredding - Data that is deleted has to be deleted completely using data Shedding Otherwise can leave tuaces and hence cam be nord by hackers . RBAL - Role based access contuols - Permission to access data is given to those Subjects Who have a curtain position / Mode . Not unauthorised Scanned with CamScanner 