4. Hyberjacking : The hypervisor, if not hardened, can be attached. A malicious user Can gain control, this will act as the single point farluce as the hyberrisor is responsible for all the VM monitoring and management of processes - The cosupted hypervisor can load multiple malicious VM's and fwether breakdown the machine. - It can destroy data present on the VM - make duplicates of the var - Send the data to an outside source Security Threat's present in virtualised systems are . O Multitenancy : As multiple clients have access to Shared de sowices, breaching the borders of access becomes a major security Concern. 3 Velocity of Attack . Cloud in frastructure is latege and spread out , the relocity of attack is higher on lager networks surface atea. 3) Assurance and Information Ownership: Some data may be highly critical and the company might be merely the custo dian making is accountable toe any kind of hampering or loss. " Privacy BreachEs. Internal of External attack on the cloud infEastructure Scanned with CamScanner - Areas of Security concern also include O Dataat test : can be combatted with encryption 22 Data in transit , Data Should be in encrybled format, the network should use SSL ITLS . 3) Authentication : & multi factor culthorization & authenticath processes ( 14 Separation between Customers : Use of Rusted Module A incident response : Quich message and recovery Layer process after a security breach. - IMSpecific security techniques OMisolation : The multiple rMs installedona host have logical separation of resources but Certain, level of physical separation has needs to be presentastille Storing criticaldata. NVM migration : Process of relocating a UM from one host to another without shutting it down . - This Bea highly secure envicomment, incase of ar unsecure network the data of the VM can be attached . - The VM it needs to be installed on also needs to be secure. 3 VM Sawial . when multiple VM's are being CElated on the host while the alleady ! present VM instances are idle . This heads to wastage of Resources. Scanned with CamScanner "UM hardening . Modification of the, IM configuration to euch enhance its security features! JVMescape : Where a VM escapes from the control of a VMM. Itcan intuen lauch various application A processes, corrupte the VMM and other vor's 08 Scanned with CamScanner 