V Ar ( i) Hyper- jacking can defines as gaining wwwouthprized control to a hypervisor, and virtual machines in tran, suunning una ate cloud compute recource. Possible security threats and wilmerabilities are listed below - ( 1) Threats due to multi-tenancy'; Vou ale deployed in shared multi-tenant ereisomment, then ot this pote a serious theent is a rita of a VM Jrunning on The Emme sesouvene can gain access to the other virtual machines sinning on the same kot hardware. Scanned with CamScanner ( 2 ) Shared storage and improper data somitation : - It is possible that a viver no after scendocation get reallocated to for sefaire which was previously used fol stating some by's new critical data. theugh the data isy be deleted but it is still recoverablee if the data is not theeelded otherwife which most CSP donot case to bother about. ( 3) Zuability to differentiate in UM identity't As, all the VMS running on an instance will have necels to same undlllying hardwarte this a UM mobing a call to service, other UM can sport the same se the be lecand the selvvice request is Gese origibiting from dame instance. It is difficult to establish the individuality of ums in fuck situations . 07 (4) Vulnerabilities due to UM Migration ! During VM migration , data aswell as the image is being seallocated A ether infrance, t and this is done over the network. During migration, the data de highly susceptible to man-in-middle, or data interception attrebs, Is) Vulnerabilities due to VM Sprand. VM-Spraist is condition, when multiple latge number of 's ale In ( tantiated Oh a cingle machine taking # t grendelyir the recource willes. ( 6 ) Scanned with CamScanner Various Defence Strategies for VM-Specific are listed below', ( 7 ) Hypervisor Habedening! De Altering the hypewisos, to make it becure, umay or may not at the price of some features in Hypervisor hardening. II Mypelvicel is compamixed everything is Comprised so 's it is important to ensure the security If Hypomicos. ( 2) VM-Hedening: Euether Vistiual machines can be altered to support better privacy standards. (3) Encryption of data during IM-migration, and data- it, rest . . Proper encryption testrategiel, and rise of recule network priticals like SEL / TLS should be employed deing VM- migration. fulthe data dat - gest thound also be encrypted. ( 4) Data Shredding after UM migration os delition ... trusted of just deleting, the data, for dealing with data Seminence proper data threelding techniques should be employed 11 ] Guet- Of hardening Cwest- Of being executed in virtual machine can be haddened to meet the security requirements. her enample, trapping the litwhen isee this to invotre riveledged command etc. Scanned with CamScanner 