4. Hyperjacking is the scenario in which the
hypervisor gets compromised and is under the
attackers control. In such a case the
Attacker has control over all the quest operating
system. It can also launch malicious application
which can lead to lots of security issues
If an attacker takes control over a guest Osthew
also it can try accessing the other UMA on the
same server !
Possible security threat and vulnerabilities
umherent in mitualized system
( i) The ports if not in use should be disabled
other wise they can lead to possible attacks.
( ii) An unhandled os can easily be attacked
by the attacker
(iii) VOM Escape - A UM might escape from the
control of UMM or hypervisor . In such a
case the UM can try to access data from other
VMA as well thus Compromising their
security as weell .
8
(iv) VM Sprawl - Building more and more VM ,
even though the old ones are not used to
their full potential and can ore wasting
the physical resources. This basically
increases the VOA i.c. Nelosity of attack hay
increasing the area for allowing attacker to
attack.
( V) VM Migration - During mugiation , data is
Migrated from one perdratel server to another
vid a public server. The data might be attacked
Scanned with CamScanner
in between .
call of
( Vi) Sometimes, the attacker might want to get access.
to unformation of VMS lust might also get info
of VME thus compromising VMcbs security
(Vii) SQL Injection . Queries might be ran te get into
the datalease q. select from tablet wehere
username = "my zy OR 1 =1"
In the above case 1 I will always be true
and it can lead to access to database, so
care must be taken to handle SQL injection as
well.
VM-specific security techuglies
(i) VM hardening - Changing of the default
configuration of the VM to increase its security
by. agr antivirus can be installed on the VM
cci'] VM isolation - The VMs Should be isolated
from each other. So that security threats jone
I'M does Not compromise security oh the other:
They should touch that one VM does not
know about the presence of olten .
(11) VM Migration - It is the migration of
VM frode one server to other with out
stopping the application. UM migration
is dove because -
( ] ) distister recovery
( 2) foult loderance
( 3 ) to manitain copy of UM
( 4 ) to upgrade OS
( 5 ) the application to be built wright have different
cend alminna RAMP . In
Scanned with CamScanner
These were the masa VM-specific techniques
besides this the following ale also done !
Os hardening - configuring network modes,
flushing unused fills, upgrading OS
Application hardening - sereventing the
afeclication to modify or use executable files
Scanned with CamScanner
