COU y Hyper- Jacking : It is basically a technique used by an attacker to high-jack or take control of Bystem hypervisor. This can be dime by Installing malicious software on hyper visors . Once the hypervisor is compromised everything (including Virtual machines , Os guest & host ) will be compromised. Scanned with CamScanner Now if attacker take amboe of hypervisor them all the virtual machies that are running on it are also in the attacker's control. Once the virtual machine is in attacker's control , attacker can : Install malicious software on the machine . Replicate the Virtual machine O Access the data from the machine. O can use the machine to extract the data from other virtual machine. can destroy the system . O Can Install malicious software in operating mystom. Can chany the uiliguration of virtual machine O Can accen physical resources of the system. vm - specific Security Techniques - UM - hardening : This is basically a security technique In which some software is installed on VM for more security . - VM - ISOLATION : This is a security technique which two or more virtual machines running on a same Ash physical server is isolated, from one- another. Threat: If attacker takes control of hypervisor then this would affect on VM - isolation. Scanned with CamScanner - VM- migration : This is a technique in which VM is migrated from one physical nurver to another without shuting down. VM Why Physical seever !! Physical Server 2 1 Concerns - fault tolerance Lo compromised ? - maintainence network I load balancing 5 Privacy & integrity concerns. ."" use secure protical like SSL / TLS VM - Escape : In the UM will escape from the control of its hypervisor . rollback imaging VM VM out of HYPER VISOR control of hypervisor VM escape. attacker gets control of hypervuur various numberof VM- SPRAWL , This is a technique in which virtual imachines are created on physical server such met monto VM are idle . . very difficult to manage such a large number of VMS. . decrease the server performance Scanned with CamScanner 