Hyper jacking For proper and efficient utilization of resources ( servers, processors, data centers, etc.) , virtualisation is practised. Different Virtual Machines are created on a single a pessoa computer . To monitor the activities of these machines and to check whom to allocate, which resource to a particular Virtual Machine, Hypervisor is created. Hypervisor is also called Virtual Machine Monitor . Several issues can occurs with the hypervisor. When the hypervisor starts creating issues with its functioning , it is called byperjacking. Certain malicious VMS os malicious users can interfere with the working of the virtual Machine Monitorie. rufporvisor. There are possible security threats and vulnerabilities that are inherent in virtualised systems , some of which are described belove : (1) VM Escape A virtual Machine can escape from the control of the hypervisor . Since the VM has Scanned with CamScanner access to the resources of the computer, it can affect the computer in a malicious mannes. (2. ) VM Migration These can be a situation when VM migrates on the network. It is then vulnerable to various asecurity issues .. Ito data can be extracted by some hackers In the network. ( 3.) VM Image Creation Sometimes , image of an infected VM caw be created. like, we are trying to create image afa VM for some use and there can be a possibility that the VM has been already infected, this leads to increase in the issues with the system. ( 4) VM Rollback VM can be solled back to a state it was in some time back. This is again a vulnerability. These could be some authentication credentials ? which were discarded later on, but since VM has solled back, those credentials can be used a suspicious element for misuse. VMA specific security techniques have beeny discussed below : ) ( 5 . ) VM Aprove It Refers to the increase in the number of VMs and there can be a possibility that many of the VMS are in idle state. this is complete astage of the resources & the ille Vis are a source of threat .. Scanned with CamScanner VM - specific security techniques ace discussed below : ( 1 ) VM Elasticity There should be a way where the number of idle VMs can be decreased . The-VMist Tondegration of new VM & into the system should be possible as and when required & similarly selease of VMS securely. ( 2 ) VM Isolation VM which is malicious should be isolated from the system, llene to increase security. ( 3) VM Rollback VM which has been affected by a malicious user should be rolled back in time, where it was mot infected . ( 4 ) Proper authentication should be done. Also, of the VMs should be audited the working land reviewed, so as to check any kind of security threat . Physical security should be there, like disabling (5) of extra posts' so that malicious putity cannot enter into the hardwall which can furthes. effect the virtual Machine . Scanned with CamScanner 