Ans y Hyper-jacking is the hacking of the hyper visor . When some internal or extend attackers tries to AF Target or attack the hyper-visor it is Called hyper-jacking. Since hypervisor is responsible for Creating , running A maintaining all the VM's running on it . Therefore, a compromised ? hypervisor can put all the UM hosted on it under thir eat . Security threats in uhr fudized systems ore .! - 1 ) of a hypervisor is attacked, attacker can get into the underlying physical hardware can do couse undesirable result to the system . 2 ) one UM is attacked attacker might control other -UM's hosted on same holt machine I can produce undesirable results Cross UM attack 3. Attacker Can read I capture all he network traffic by Coming on one UM, by attacking it . Which could lead network fishing of loss of Data privacy. Scanned with CamScanner UM specific security techinique odei- 1) UM sprowd - it is an issue when we have large number of UM's host on a host machine is they are continuously increasing But most of Un's tre sitting ided or ore under - utilized . Therefore this Should be not be there. 2 ) UM escape - when a vr escape from the control of the hypervisor it is called Ur escape. In such a situation. attacker can oftack other UM running parallely on the same UMM , or even listen A copture the network traffic coming on that particular UM. 3 ) VM migration - it is a situation - when one UM is moved from one host to another ; without Shutting it, down, " VM is highly prome to attack under such-type . of, situation . Attacker @ can easily get into UM by hacking network firewall. Therefore UM migration should be very carefully done . Scanned with CamScanner UM isolation - Although Vm's are logically seperated by physically that re running on same host machine A using same set of resources. UM isolation is very important A pack UM Should son or if it is Running on independent machine, UM hardening - It is The process of making default configuration of UM's more Strict is hard. So mot they could not be easily tourgetted by etto chee A hence are secured. 8 Scanned with CamScanner 