aus 4 : - Hyper-jacking! - It is the unauthorized access of Hypewwwson de Vivitual Machine Monitor by an attacker. Once the UMM ou Hypeumisole is compioused all the virtual Machines I comundele its control alle compromised i e the attacker gets control of all the VMS undle the control of VMM. Security Threats and vulnerabilities ( 1) Internal attack IAn attack can be made by a third-pality, custou. Qwasp on the service. this attack is made because of some already existing accessibility permissions available with the attacken with which he / she gets hold of data auailable . (23 External attack An attack from an outsider who somehow entes. the system and is able to get hold of the information They are not authorized useus ole have any way to 8 access so they somehow decrypt the network and eviteus into the service. ( 3) Data leakage Ove the most dangerous to the confidentiality ( 1 ) of a usu is the data leakage threat. May be dill (" some network De system elivros the data may be leaked into the network which now may be uilly easily attached and known to the attacker. - May be some ouganes ations without the consent ou knowledge of users ille supplying to ethy oucauld" a Scanned with CamScanner ( 4 ) Usu access change Foll egif a usell is now not using its its account and his privileges and policies all still walid then it can be possibly used to attack other V.Ma . ( 5) Bad Data Malicious data in our machine and affect the security of other as VM. may interact with each other ( 6 ) Denial of service This may happen when the system / network is highly loaded but at the same time can be idle fou most of the machines . t This affects the available - lity of a service This may also happen by an U Lulauthorized usell is doing this intentionally ( 7 ) Change in management changing the whole system equation because of some here updation "can effect a module-wely ( 8) Physical security breach The phy server can be attacked by the attachers. 6 UM - specific security techniques all:- er ( 1) UM isolation:- virtual machines are logically 0 isolated but there physical inter action pose a" threat so they should be physically isolated so f as to maintain utmost security ." th other Sum migration 00 ( 11) UM handeling no ressing ice ! It is the change in the original in image default configuration of the UM So the provide better security at costprite leurl. th tal Scanned with CamScanner ( iii) Firewall and antivirus security at each VM.; this multi level security is also terined as Defense- Sur-Depth Scanned with CamScanner 