(4)- Hypervisor security ( hyhijacking is a security concern that crises if the hypervisor gets compromised attacked by and " hacked by a malicious usee - The inherent concerns of security threats and vulnerabilities that ausu due to vestiralisation ( using hypervisors are : - of the hypervisor gets compromised it well expose all the ventual machines (VMs ) residing on the hypervisor Scanned with CamScanner If ) Any malicious user can install a malicious hiermeses which will gain access to the multial machines and data residing on that machine " ) Once the UMO are compromised any infected application can be istalled on them by unauthorised wels to infect them . (d ) Hence a major security concen and threat to metuglised system is the attack on hypervisor which will return affect the Iaas structure of the cloud . e ) Another security theed to the virtualised system is the attack from other UMs (users) installed on the same physical resource. - some VM specific security techniques are:- VM VM VM VM VM Isolation Migration Escape hardening spravol ( 1 ) VM HARDENING : - VM hardening involves alteration of the default configuration morder to increase security of the mutual machine - Eg: installing ariti-suivies ( 2) UM ESCAPE : - sometimes a malicious uses may escape from the VMM . This may further harm the UMM and get control of all the installed VMS . - TEVM escape damages the Iaas service of the cloud by compromising the network, storage & servers . Scanned with CamScanner (3)VM ISOLATION - The virtual machines are installed on the same physical some - They are not physically but logically seperated. - One UM on the physical server may try to attack the other VM. - fience VM isolation leads to cross - VM attacks. 14) VM MIGRATION - UM migration refers to relocating the VM white to come ofter reny Myo shutting it down - Since VM migration involves migration of data from a private network to over a public network , it is a major security concern . - VM mugration is miliated in case of: a ) maintenance to fault tolerance a ) load balancing . (5 ) IM SPRAWL : - This arises me when VMM starts multiplying the vertical machines is despite of other vMs being idle- - This results in over-utilisation of resources of the server . - This technique is used by competitors of CSP to attract customers to them Scanned with CamScanner 