Answer ? 4) Hyper-jacking is a security threat condition in which the hypervisor, a module that controls um, is comple- - miked . In buch a condition, all the VMs that were under the compromised hypervisor's control comes under high risk . In Other words, hy borjacking exposes VMs& the data & applications hosted on it to la great deal of theeat. Possible security threats & wilmerabilities that lake inherent in virtualized systems alle + * Hypervisor API calls- hypervisor communicates with Vms ( that alce undele it's control ) using API calls. of these API calls aren't hardened O lack good amount of authorization and validation, they can pose la security risk to the virtualized systeme. Scanned with CamScanner * Shaving of resources- Since all vMs thave the same hardware resources, a compromised / trM-malicious VM poses a security risk to all other tement UMs in form of data breach lisk: That is, the compromised VM Can steal the data of other VMS after from escaping the control of hypervisor (VM escape). ( * ) hypervisor Add ons Manageus systems, usually install add- ons On the hypervisor layers to improve its sfeed & efficiency of by mistake any compromised hyberiter add - on is installed, it can pose security risk to the whole of Virtualized system. * VM Migration due to maintainence & fault - tolurance reasons, VMs are voually migrated from one mode to another. Scanned with CamScanner This opens up a big becurity vulnerability as um data can be stolen or compromised in transit . R ) Hypervisor Control Module : Within hypervisor, there is a control module that takes care of spawning, stopping & controlling the VMs. If that module get's compromised, it could lead to itsues like image theft, VM Sprawl Crm this UMb are sferamled in huge mumbeles & most of them are ideal ) et c. VM specific becurity techniques have been enlisted below : - * ) Hardening of VM - VM needs to be hardened by modifying its default configurations (like disabling unused services & protocole ) . This will not only save VM from getting compromised but will also give better security to the hypervisor. Scanned with CamScanner VM isolation - Hypervisor should be properly implemented and should be stringent in terms of VM isolation, ie VMs should have strong logical partitions. This will avoid data breach in cate one UM is compromised .. same physical Fole eq. Hypervisor thouild not allocate the memory previously being used by a UM to a new LVM because if foruious VM's date without properly erabing the exicting data. Otherwise it could stealing of Read to loss of privacy & data Encryption while vr migrations VM images should be encrypted suite using a strong algowithm using migration to avoid image theft. * ) Penetration Testing Regular penetration testing of NM systems should be carried out to check the exter effectiveness of UM security present in the Bystem . Scanned with CamScanner Xy Regular of Awake upddates - All new security patches should be installed on UM & hypervisor to keep them more secure. Scanned with CamScanner 