Question 4:
HYPER - JACKING
Hypejacking refers to the issues related with the hypervisor or
the UM. The issues are related to the security and the proper control
and functioning of the hypervisor / UMM.
Hypervisor / vMM is the single point of failure and once the UMM
is compromised then there is high probability that the intime syste
would be compromised
SECURITY THREATS & VULNERABILITIES
of the AMM is affected by some malicious attacker they slonely the
VM's running on top of the MM would also be affected.
The isolated VM's would be affected which would further affect
the just OS & applications.
Scanned with CamScanner
1. After hyperjacking, the hypervisor may not function properly &
would install unreliable applications over the quest UMS OS.
. They would provide access of VMS to unauthorized users
and also would affect the physical resources
UM
LUMIIVM Es af beet the UMS
VMM
affected / hyperjacked
phy resources
affect physical
resources
. This would leving the whole system Joven as once the physical
resources are affected, Jaas service model would the affected which
in teen would affect the other service models also
All the VMs and apply's running on VMs wouldn't be under
control of the user and hence the whole system would become
vulnerable .
Hence, all the possible security threats & svulnerabilities that
are inherent with the virtualized systems ., make sure that
Hypervisor is a single point of failure for a system
Scanned with CamScanner
VM Specific Security Technique
DVM Hardening- It refers to the process of altering the
configuration of the UM so that it is better adapted to attacks
and security system becomes strong.
2
VM Isolation - All the VM's should be isolated from one another
as even if one of the UM gets affected, the safety of the other VMS
is guaranteed
Other Attacks could be:
UM
Escape - VM escapes from hold of UMM 2 may be
attacked by malicious users
UM Sprawt - More number of VMS Are created whereas the already enisting
VM are idle; lead to esoure wastage
VM Migration - Shifting of UM server to another physical machine w/0
shutting down.
Why ? - Maintainance
- Load Balancing
- Backup creation.
Data is ereposed during Migration,
X
Scanned with CamScanner
