Aus 4) Hyper-jacking mens when the hypervisor security in a virtual cloud based system is compromised. - This gives access to all virtud machines running on the server . - Attacker can run unauthorized appliestion and has all access to dsts and resources. Dress of concern GAR security issues in virtualised or relsud systemy- 1) Data - at- test - - Dots stored in velsud like 53 in AWS is not by default encrypted and hence can be used by attackers if once they grim icontrol of it. - Hence, sach dots must be encrypted. 11 ) Est - in- transit - - Dots moving on a network is exposed to priscy and integrity issues. - Hence, it must be properly traced and bistected with strong encryption protocols like SSL( Secure Socket Layer) or TLS (Transport Layer Security) Scanned with CamScanner 3 ) Access control - - Access control determines who gets access is the system and hence must be properly. image. 4 ) Legal and Regulatory issues - - There must be legst and regulatory experts chs en check policies and strategies of CSPs. S ) Incident response - - The privacy and security Im be esmpromised in a virtual or cloud environment. - There must be automated response of notification. VM - specific security techniques - 1 ) VM - horslening - - It is the process of changing the default configuration for security burkases. 2 ) VM - isstation - - Esch virtual machine waikes in isstation to one another . - Though they are logically issister but access to physikal ressurces Isuse Cross - VM access. Scanned with CamScanner 3) VM - migration - - It is missing a vm from one physical system to another without shuting down the VM. - This exposes the UM to the network and thus vesuses privacy and integrity cesucerns. - It must take place in a secured manner. 4 ) VM - sprsul - - When number of VMS increases beyond the contest of hypervisor and most of them are in idle 'state - This euses wsstage of ressurces 5 ) vm - esespe - - When a malicious user or VM escapes the control of hypervisor. - "this isn allow access to other VMs. - This can expose the user data .. Scanned with CamScanner 