4 ) hyper-jacking is defined as the Issues that can be caused by a bykeeriser such as the hypervisor getting compromised . These issues can fout the virtu al machines at risk of data breach. If a hypervisor is under the control of a malicious ser, he can calle the vertual machines to escape from the hyberrisor of even access a virtual machines content : Security threats and mulherabilities that all inherent in virtualized systems include ! ( 1) Multitenancy - A set of physical resources are being chated by many ritual machines. If the resources are compermised by aun invalid user, all virtual machines will be at threat. Firother, it is important to keep these machines selautet that a user of one virtual machine cannot accese the content of another virtual machine. (77) Velocity of Attack - More data cuntiver increase the curface area. As the Scanned with CamScanner subface area of a cloud increases, the velocity of attack also increases as a greater range is fromm to attack now. It is easier to manage one data center. But as data pucleases on a closed, more data centres need to be created which further need to be protected using multi-factor authentication and multilayered approach in order to reduce the velocity of attack. ( iii) Data Putegrity and management It Pe irwhostant to keek the data on every virtual machine securely so that the data is not accessed by other machines on the same system. (iv) Physical Server Secimity The host on which the virtual machines all delloyed needs to be safe and protected. If the host ie bejacked, the resources cour be utilised lorougly and even the hypervisor can be comper- mised . Scanned with CamScanner vm-specific security techniques are deployed on Compute level and include: ( 7 ) VM hardening- In this case, the virtual machine or quest of is modified suitably so that it's security increases malicious usee is unable to accese it. ( 17 ) VM Reolation - The virtual machine , though deployed on the came System, are kept apart from each other so that a user of one machine cannot access the data. on another machine (ii) VM migration - Migration means transferring a virtual machine without stopping it's services from one physical system to another. Even though the virtual machine is secure , while transfeeling the data on it is enhosed to a frublic network . Itis. iwhortant to ensure that this data Re enceghted and even the etwork is secure so that any unauthorized usel doesn't have the integrity of the data. Scanned with CamScanner (i) vou Escape - In this scenario, a virtual machine escapes the control of a hypervisor. This can cause a threat to other machines as the machine can be mis- guided to steal data from Other machines without the knowledge of the hypervisor. ( V ) VM Serand I'm rollback / vm image The number of virtual machines is consistently increasing while the existing machines are undex-utiliced. This can Pimply that a malicious ucel ic Congesting the network through unfair means so that the users cannot access infromation Scanned with CamScanner 