4 Hypejacking is the hypervisor of the system being compted by our attacker on a threat. attackel it can gruen the boar the access and control of all umatual machines controlled by the corrupted hyperisol . the attacker then has the Ability to load a curitsted hypervisor and gain control of all the underlying Resources and virtual machines under it. . Threats and vulnerabilities in a virtualized system: ( UDuvernay threats - Malicious cloud service uper 7 - Can take control - Malicious customer waht. of the VM by - Malicious 3. party use . geting thele hands on ) External threats Can sheep on UM and make multiple - Remote s/w attack on cloud injeasucture copies - Remote s/w attack on network and systems. - Remote HW allaex. - Rinnole s/w and H/y attack on use's end systemss. . Data Leakage. Intural treats can vary according to the type of deployment model as the munter of noidoks inloved increghe: SoAs, Cloud sevice provider and customer Paas : Application development and infrastructure management Iaas : 3rd party platform consultants Scanned with CamScanner threats and milnerabilities in a virtualized syslens : ( 1) Multitenancy : Since multipel VMs are loaded onto are machine and using the same resources, the corruption of One UM can impact the security to the others These oul potential threats to the systems. If the hypervisor is cueropted all underlying VMs ore . ( i) Velocity of attack : the time it takes to attack the septen and beeach the security porlammetus is the velocity of oillack If the Response time is too much, this can Wow all instances on the virtualized machine. ( iii ) Information assurance and ownership : the information aloud across machines needsproper Alcurity especially if it is caldical information. The ownership of infoinnation also has to be decided f the customer is the custodiar or ounce of the data . Scanned with CamScanner ( iv ) Data sewacy : This is a potential security threat and wienerability of a virtualized system due to Sharing of underlying resources. If the data is confidential an attack could lead to a severe periacy breach. This risk is increased due to a virtualy system with multiple users using the same. VM specific security lechniques: (is UM migration : It is the ellocation of a VM from one systems to Another without shutting tl down. . While It convenient trail, while being relocated ion the metwork it is prone to attacks and requires security. . Need to ensure that the machine it is being migrated to sh it corrupted. Clij VM sprawl.: It is the increase, in virtual machines rapidly while the previous ones created have not being nolantiated .. this is a potential threat since the number of VMS roue too many and not working ( iii) UM escape : It is thielen a malicious risi escapes the virtual machine and hypevisor and can create problears. (iv) IM hardening: Altering the configuration of the mutual machine to make it more Lecure. Scanned with CamScanner 