Ans-y Hyper- Jocking is a phenomena in which ne takes control of hypervisors to a destroy , Lock the bestual machines whichare installers over that hypervisor. when hypervisor gets hocher due to it's loose coupling with hardware it is hyper - jocker, Scanned with CamScanner The possible security threats and vulnerabilities that itered . are inherent in vestiralesis system are , OData at rest : When date is at rest, it must be - stored in encresfited form De Multidereny. As mong users are present on a busyle shor, ne UM away gils compromised by the leker . UM Isolation (3) velocity of attack : When the data is present at different location , i've hackers i. c. surface of attack is more, then more v in gels affected de to veloaty of attack y information ownership s assurance . we ho owns the late and if the date is not being misused by cloud service provides . Also if the data is really deleted by CSP. 3) Privacy assurance : How to ensure , the prevery of data ic access, retention, storage etc confidentiality Integrity and soculability plays on important role in puvory of data . Scanned with CamScanner Audit and monitoring ... Data is beery monitored and logs are checked. 7 Authentication : Proher authentication method Should be their . (37 Sepiration belcolon customers . TpMCTrusted platform module ) proulates this . The following comes wals I security at afrater computer leed. UMisolation : All the DM's are isolated from lock other aso no one can access each other VM escapl' When UM escapesfrom the control - of hyphenvisor and can controlethes virtual machines Umhardening: "A is basully altering the default configuration of UM to make it more secaund UM omarcation: when UM is/deleted and all its date is shifted to the new UM due to various reasons like server fault etc. Scanned with CamScanner On sprawling. coren most of the Mare in idle state and are not used fully, then there is resource waslogy There are barrois security lechonqius at different level ( Followery of euchlared at last Roy , 1) security at Compute level (Antivirus ). security at Metwork level ( Demilitarizones, Firewall 3 Data Physical security ( Brometres, comera, Security guards) fole leased security ( Authentication ) seunly at host luiel. Scanned with CamScanner 