Question - 4 Hyper- jacking is a trypouringy recurity soup in which the attacker ( malicious user can gawn can- -trol of the hyperwindy or virtual machine monj. -tor ( VMM) due to combusmized security of the VM and thus launch virtual machine (VM) atta- -ces, The attacker can bring down the VMSHun cross VMattack and laurich security threats like s ney I)VM Sprawl ; Itis a situation in which the num- ber of virtual machines (Ms ) is continu- - Quely increasing on the host machine while Scanned with CamScanner the already instantiated virtual machines are in an ideal state leading to wartage of Men- - Dices an a large recate . ii, UM Bocake is It is a situation in which a ma. -lilou VM escapes from the control of chyfor- - Nixok, this opening awindow for the eattacker to bring down the VMM, launch NIEKY- VM attack, rown matecious applications on VM, Inte. -Just JaQs services and other service models. in VMMigration: The meta data of the VMS is prone to breach and manipulation when the VM is being migrated to other physical machine without shutting it down because transmission takes place over peublic network and VM cont. - ents are exposed. ( Iv ) VM image sharing VM image is used to unistan. -trate VMs. The attacker may upload a malicious image which will get replicated by the users and thus forovide the backer access to private data which can then be manipulated . the atta- - cker will be able do suin malicious applications. and monitor VM activities . V) VM seoblack Restoring the VM to a previous state may esbone it to vulnerabilities that were previously patched and confiouration eurors In earlier version. Scanned with CamScanner some VM- specific seciviety techniques vres in strong VMIvolation ensures that the multiple VMs running on the came physical machine are independent and unaware of each other as that the software bugs, voiines or crashes un one VM may not impact others. Also, it hinders the atta cher from launching cross-VM attack so that uneF of VM, may not access the exsowiees of VMS. The partitioning should be in terms of memory, storage and computationa Mexowice as well. lin Installing and weing regular ikdates for the frypourook ensures that the VMM as well as the VM's are secure. i) VM hardening in the process of modifying the VM. to secure it against security loopholes. ( 9 (iv) uring virtual firewall to monitor the commu- -nication over vbitualized network prevents date breach aand unauthorized access. (V ) Intrusion detection and prevention systems also omovie network security for VM communication over vitualized network. Scanned with CamScanner 