Ques 4.
Hyperpacking is also known as Hypervisor hacking
It means compromising the hypervisor by the
hacker. If hypervisor is attacked , then attacker
will gain access to viutual machines hosted on its
as well.
The possible security threats and witherabilities that
are intrewent in mutualized systems are's
(i) of the hypervisor is compromised, then the attacker
will also gain access to all the ritual machines
that are hosted on victim's unpeuvisor.
( " ) Having access to diferent virtual machines, then
attacker will also be able to access the hardware
and storage and software components of system.
(iii) Attacker will try to install malicious softwares
on the system.
(IV) KEG Ventual machines will move beyond the
control of mutual machine monitor or hypeurisor.
Scanned with CamScanner
I'M specific security techniques enclude
(i)vm hardening.
( 27 ) VM isolation
un I'M escape
( iii ) um migration
(i) von hardening vm hardening is a technique
in which the VM is modified in order to achieve
greater levels of security. By doing 80, VM Becomes
more secwiet, and it becomes difficult for
attackers to hack is
("") I'm isolation : since different ritual machines
are sharing the same underlying infrastructure,
If one VM is targetted by attackers, It also
otheres
become exposed attacks: This can lead to
cross im attacks.
thus, the um isolation should be done puoperely
and carefully, so that attackers Don't do cross
i'm attacks, ie. even if one m is taygetted,
others should not be / affected
Gri) um migrationn . I'm migrationn is a technique
in which VM is migrated fuom one Asystem
to another awhite without shutting douen .
Scanned with CamScanner
The problems with vm miquation is that attackers
might compromise the network .
it is usually done for load balancing ,
fault tolerance and maintenance .
The data can be compromised will transmission.
thus, it should be done carefully.
(Iv) im paravic
tion " It says the number of vm's am
a hypervisor are increasing rapidly. And there
are albeady many mms that are idle. this leads
to wastage of resources.
(w) I'm escape ? It is a situation in which IM
escapes from the control of mmm or hypervisor.
It can further lead to attack on other mos as well.
the ms storage
and software component are
compromised
Um 'mallback
I'm image
Scanned with CamScanner
