4. Hyperjacking - Hypervisor is a hardware, firmware or a software that makes virtualisation possible. It ruates a layer over the physical resources and hosts multiple quest oss . In case this hypervisor comes in control of the attacker, all the guest OS and the underlying Aotyical sh tt Save Airver is compromised and a is under the attackers control . Auch a dithatit is called Hyperjacking. In case of witwelised systems, their are threats and vull rust wilt vulnerabilities at different leweb : ( ' , Physical Sumer security - The actual physical south that resides in the CSP datacenter is very vulnerable to attacks. an access to auch a so sowel can compromise with the Scanned with CamScanner security of the full virtual machine . A physical server has various free HO ports which can act as an entry pourt for the attack. (ii) Hypervisor security - Hyperjacking as explained above is a survers threat in case of virtualisid systems. lilly VM Security. An attacker to can attack a UM and gain access to its data. Threats like UM escape, VM sprawl ete are mayor concours liv, just OS and Application - The attackers security can divectty attack an application or E Guest Os . An unsecure application com pose serious problems for the virtual machine . Scanned with CamScanner VM Specific Security Trcliniques. (1) VM Isolation . It is a method in which One virtual machine is logically naware If M another UM th running on the same physical sower . Isolating a UM from another can help prevent for attacker compromising one UM to access another . ( 1 1 ) UM & Escape .. A situation in which the UM do capes control of the user and goes into attackins control. Shutting up sucha UM can help. UM Migration - Migrating a UM from one physial surmer to another iwithout shutting off the UM. If one physical Um image share. albae plh. is under attack, the VM an be migrated to another . This further pose jproblem his mijeating bring VM into the network and What also nif the second plays physial sumer is already compromised. Scanned with CamScanner LIN, UM- Sperand. A situation in which VM instances keep in creasing while the ubready instantrated ones are at ideal state Such a sut situation indicato that the UM is under attack. Scanned with CamScanner 