Answer 4:
. Hyper - jacking
" comes from two words
hypervisor and
highacking . This means that the hypervisor has beencompromised
and is under the control of malicious users and attackers
. There are a lot of security threats and vulnerabilities
that are inherent In virtualized systems:
(i) Hyper-jacking or the hypervisor can be compromised.
The malicious users can take control of the hypervisor, sauce
(i) since the hypervisor control all the VM's underst ,
This means that all the hypervisor resources are also
compromised ..
Tij ) A UM or a virtual machine can also be compromised.
sind sone VM can interad- with other VM's, other
VM's also have a threat of being compromised.
In The attackers, can emetall undesirable or malicious
hypervisors or they can Rasily run unwanted programs
- In the cloud resources ( VM's) which car corrupt the whole
system .
I ) Physical security of the servers and hosts can also
be breached leading to a serious threat to
the cloud data center and resources.
Scanned with CamScanner
. VM specific security techniques are as follows:
(1) VM hardening - - Is when the VM- Is modified ace .. to
The needs of the user in order to
insure more security and functionality
In the system
(li) VM isolation - Is the process by which two VM's are
isolated from each other who share the same memory
or resources . Although logical separation Is present by
using same physical resources can pose security threath.
fin UM migration - Is the process by which the Noone
VM migrates to another VM. This can happen
because of failure es or load balancing etc . There is
a security Threat- Involved . The attackers can migrate
The VM to a compromised UM.
(TV) VM escape occurs when the UM escapes the 8)
conbol of the VMM of hypervisor, the" UM leaves
the control of the existing hypervisor and can
come In control of a compromised hypervisor Fosse
( V) VM sprawl happens when there are multiple UM
unetantiating urapidly although "the previous UM'S
are staying moitly Idle . This has to be taken
care of In order to avoid resource wartage.
Scanned with CamScanner
