Anst: Hyper jacking occurs when the security of a hypervisor is compromised by an un authorized access leading to security breakdown of the Scanned with CamScanner physical server . This results in vulnerabilities of VMS running on this hyper-visor. Security threats and vulnerabilities in virtualized systems ( 4 ) Data security -7 Due to the multi - tenant nature of virtualization , the data you store on one VM Wars Can possibly be stolen by a process in another VM. The UM-to- VM communication never actually reaches the physical server and is thus , difficult to detect by administration who typically deals with network security. (2) Threat to hypervisor -2 Hypervisor creates and manages all the VMS on a physical server. Therefore it acts as a X O single point of failure . If hypervisor is compromised. all VMs and the complete physical server is compromised . This can be avoided by timely O security updates of hypervisor along with VM isolation . ( 3 ) Threat to VMS -7 A VM running malicious programs may result in information compromise of another VM. This can be reduced using VM- isplation and VM - hardening. ( 4 ) Threat to OS -7 Apart from hypervisor & VM, the operating system Scanned with CamScanner system installed on a VM is also vulnerable to attacks. 88-Maldeming Backup files, outdated anti-virus and network vulnerabilities can result in a system breach. Applications which maliciously alter eystem 21 states or run / alter executables are also dangerous for a virtual machine. MAYYUSA Machine ( 5 ) Network threats The network of the physical server can be the entrypoint for external attackers. Poor firewall configuration and network authent -. - ication can lead to wide attacks to information stored on VMs. . Virtual Machine- Specific security techniques: - O VM - Isolation It is the process by which the hypervisor isolates the working of diff . VMs running on it . By doing so, the VMs cannot access resources of another VM and security is ensured. 2 VM - hardening It is the process by which the configuration and properties of a VM are altered to improve the overall security of the NM. For e.g. network based authentication and restricted access to resources. Scanned with CamScanner 3) Apart from these, regular penetration testing & security updates can also be done. Scanned with CamScanner 