And= ) Hyper-jacking is when the hypervisor ( that creates and manages the mitual machunes ) is attacked buy a malicious user and is compromised. Due to hyherjacking the attacker can: ( ' , gain control of the ritual machines and affect the quest operating systems and thus the applications on the quest operating system. UN Attacker can gain contud of the underlying Resources and hardware. ( in ) the attacker can t## surhass the logical boundaries between vwitual machines and lead to data look ohe 'M machine accessing the data if the another VM machine. Scanned with CamScanner ( IV) This can lead to threat to data security. Primary and confidentiality of data can be comprisvied. (V ) There a This can lead to data leakage and threat to mitegrity of data. Ivis The attacher can also touing the koitual Machine Monitor down. VM erafre vor sheramd Possibile security threats and vulnerabilities in virtualized systems are: ( 1) Myheyacking this is a condition when a hyhemmiser is attacked y a malicious user and is compromised. A comperomised heyhoquesor can lead to attacker gain control of wertual machines, cause data leak, gavi control over underlying hardware. Attacker can also lowing the ritual machine montes down . Scanned with CamScanner jin VM escape VM escape is a condition when a malicious user escapes from the conterol, of the hypervisor and can affect witual machines on the system. (iii ) VM Shecave It is a condition where the number of mentual machures on a Ayheeuwsoy keek or inceleasing even when the already initialised ritual machines are in idle state. This leads to wastage of resources and thus the resources ale made now-available . It affects operations and efficiency of the system . B "Wh There is threat to security of data drawing VM Migration as well - VM migration is motting migrating the uwitual machine from one Physical server to another without stoffing the wortwil machinie. UM migration exposes the vwitual machine to the network which makes uwitualized system vulnerabile. The uwirtual machine can be migrated to a compromised hypervisor ley an alicia attacker which would threaten data security. The data could be comportmised during transit as well. Vm halfback Vm image shally Scanned with CamScanner VM specific security techniques: 11) VM hardening VM hardening is thanging the default configurations of the virtual machine so that it iecomes difficult for a" malicious user to the attack the virtual machine. There should we foroper undates ii, OS hardening The quest OS should be handenedi ... "it's default configuration should be changes, the system should be allowed to create and marithin exe files; unused files should we discarded and there should be timely undates taken up . iii) busted Platform module (TPM) should be used which involves hardware verification which would lead to VM integrity. ( iv) Hypervisor should also be secured againist, attacks from malicious useels . There should be installation of antivirus software and firewalls should lit used. Tyhe - I hypervisor are move secuwie and can sbergthen UM security. ( V ) unconfiquered and unused ports of the thysical server. must ce clocked .. Vi) Data should be encoughted ioth when data is at rest and also when in transit . . Scanned with CamScanner 