4) Hyper Jacking or HyperViseur Hacking is the process in which an enloqual eutily hacks ore hup hypervisor. This is basically an enlernal attack with the aian am to date hijack the hupourisin or the Virtual Machine Monitor . So , when the attacker gets contrual of hypervisor, the attacker noww has access to all the Virtual Machine, be an suspend the virtual machine he can get all the information from VMs and thees pose security problems. Possible security threats and vulnerabilities that are inherent in virtualized systery is that when a hypeviser gets attacked, there a a bruge possibility that the whole system is under a threat nove. Scanned with CamScanner Further, in virtualized systems, when the VML get attacked, there is a possibility that the attacker will steal the private information . The attacker can use this information for Own benfile. Annuler secivily treat " that when VMs get attacked, the system will have for some tanny and this can cause a lot of problem you the company using this cloud and may have to vicur huge amounts of lossea . When the hyperviseur gets attacked, the whole system will be compromised. So, if' measures are not taken, the system will shut down and the parfoiumence of the- system will degrade to a large calews. So, these were the possible scumaily tweets and Vulnerabilities that are Inherent Virtualized systemes VM specific security techniques Below are some of the VM specific security techniques. 1 ) Frist technique is that the dejouer coufiguration of the VM is altered. So, now , the UM na deb s' modified and therefore, the attacker doesnot know how to attack the modified UM. 2 ) VM Escape In VM Escape, the VM tries to escape from a malicious user Alle tries to attack and it tries to escape from the coulist of the hyperevisen. Scanned with CamScanner c ) VM Migration In VM Migration , the VM Migrales from one machine to another probably a escape from the attack. 1) VM sprawl hove Y This is the process in which a large number of VMS keep on Increasing) but most of the VMQ sit idle and wealth an overhead " because of the wastage of resources. Scanned with CamScanner 