4. Hypervisor in virtualized system presents a single point of
failure for Virtual machines layered on top of it .
- When can unauthorized entity attacks the o aypermision , seines
itg and imposer control over it , it is called 6hyper
"jacking? because the hypering or has been jacked of its
contral .
* Threats 4 Vulnerabilities
To Hypervisor security threat - Atira single point of failure for the
entire virtualized system & if compromised, can lead to a
Substantial threat to security of the wir tual mmachines.
2 . Guest os threat - On a paysical server that's den virtualized,
a malicious quest OS might enteh ar thas the ability to
spread its ill-motives into the entire system by penetrating
through only kinds of security holes it finds.
195
3. VM security threat - there must be enough sepuration betuwean
customers vitual Machines an a physical server as there
isa possibility of intentional / unintentional unauthorized
access to other VM'S from one VM.
4 . Threat of resource rolling & multitenancy - the advantage that
virtualization gives informs of being able to share physical resources
on one server accoly many durtual machines, die to which
malicious attack on one part of computing resources might
affect all machine that share that same resource.
Scanned with CamScanner
* Security Techniques others ()
1. VMisolation - Each of the viils placed on a hypervisor on one
paysical server must be longentfully isolated from rome another
to anwill malicios spread of theat
2. Os hardering - a quest of can use os hardening techniques,
when configuring network & security capabilities to protect
itself from threat by other external networks.
3. Demilitarized zone - the computing systems (modes) that
provide services to the users outside the network of the
physical server are wort milnerable to threaty.
- fiance , the sub metiwork consisting of Auch modes isiperated
From the rest of the network through a network firewall,
and ro /called the demilitarized one to protect the neste
of the trusted network from the threat of external pontentiale
threating network.
DEMILITARIZED
TRUSTED
ZONE
NETWORK
EXTERNAL NETWORK
FIREWALL
FIREWALL
4. All hardening - API's in virtualized systems also pose thus to
Security mitgherability & by restricting API's ability to spawny
create Di modify executable files, we can protect the system
from security attack.
Scanned with CamScanner
