Ans 4: Hyper- jacking is the use of malicious software e Systems by external attackers to gain control of the underlying Hypervisor. This is very donges on to the virtualized environment as all bruend os's communicate with the Hypervisor & their data can be exposed to the attackes . Also, the attacky can insert a malicious hypervisor which appears normal but cam damage the UR's running on top There can be several vulnerabilities to a virtualized system such as - 1) Privelaged Instructions - The Guest OS will occasionally try to ope a privelaged instruction which can came problems resulting in conflicts & errors . 2 ) Reduced Pelformance of Guest OS - Due to Hypervisor maintaining the quint as & interacting with hardware, it sometimes reduces the performance of the guest 05 on top, This is true in cases like Full virtualization. Scanned with CamScanner 3) Security Vulnerabilities- The UM running are uring commmon hardware. Hence , if even one of the VrMs is compromised, it can affect the working of any of the other VM's on the Hyper visor . Some UM specific Security Techniques ale - 1 ) UM sprawl - This refers to the situation when multiple VM instances are rapidly created while existing VM instances are sitting idle. This puts a lot of pressure on the Hypervisor & can canu the system to fail. 2 ) VON Hardening - This is the addition of new protocols, guidelines R software to make the VM move secure against threats & difficult to breach. VM Migration - this is when the Vr has to be moved to andthey physical device without shutting it down, Care has to be taken to secure the contents of UM against attacks while migration is being done. Scanned with CamScanner 4 ) VM Escape - is when an attackes gets rogue accery This to a UM & it escapes from the Hypervisors Supervisin This is dangerous as the attackes can then extrasy the information from this VM. 5) Securing API's - Apart from theme , it is also important to streng then the quest 05 & provide secure API's for data protection. 6 ) UM Isolation - This refers to the property that during operation, one VU shouldn't have acces to the data of another UM. In other words, the VM's need to be isolated & this is achieved using logical isolation. Scanned with CamScanner 