Aus . Hypejacking: Hyper juckeny is compromising a hypervisor of Virtual Machine monitor, thus putting all the Unfinal machines at risk. Once the Hypervisor, which is Mutualisation layer over physical infresthecture has been exploited, the attacker gants access to all the virtual Machines running on that Hypervisor and dath associated with them. This will result in the system to be compromised. There are many threats to the virtualised system and these threats can be clasified al. 1) Security threats at compute level G Threats to hypervisor Is Threat to virtual machine 4 threat to quest OS 4 Application Threat to server. threat at API level. security Threats at Network level Is theep holes in Network connectivity. Is Escapey firewall . 3) 3 ) security threat to storage date of the walks may be attest attack it it is not properly encrypted. Generally we get threats to confidentiality, threats to Integrity& threats to Availability Scanned with CamScanner 1) confidentiality / autority 3) Availability - Jus der user attack - Euproper Data + External iser attack segregation - Natural desaster - security failure at - Pasta breach - poor date uploaded dataleuter by user - During elcourges in Date in flight code , processes modified . VM specific security techniques To secure virtual machines many techniques are available. 1) VM isolation 2 ) VM Escape 3) VM migration Vm sprawl 5) VM Herdewiry. DVM Isdation- Isolating all the vms from each oflies so that in case the UM is conepsonused other virtuel machiilies may be protected. cloud Security manager should ensure VM isolation. ) VMEscape In this the virtual machine" escapes the ablacker 3) I'Mmigration It is process of murgrating the virtual machine from the hypervisor to other while it is still running. This is done in order to protect the viME when our of the Hypervisor is compromised. There is a problem with this or twee can say limitation to this, that it can only be done when the processor of both machings is same. Scanned with CamScanner W VM sprawl : This occurs when large number DUms are initiated and noone of them is doing much yarblessing. Resources are wasted in this scenario. 5) van Hardenup: If is the process of modifying the ritual machine for making it more sicure & more resesfaut to attacks & viruses. Scanned with CamScanner 