QUESTION : 04
Ans. y Hypojacking- Hyperjacking is a situation
where an attacker is successfully enable to
install a compromind hypervisor' or virtual machine
monitor ( VMM ). In such a situation , as a compromised
hypervisor compromis the security of all the virtual
machines mat run on the lop of it.
This my using hypojacking, the attackiel cay
nun
launauthorized applications" on the Guest Operating
Systems. In worst can, it git's the direct accu to
the System sources like storage, seven and Ray
caux An entire wreach of privacy and Security and
wwout in failure of the cloud.
In a virtualized systeny, a number of urine ane
supported uva the Hypervisor on the same set
of resources . Is a result the following issue
. lavey though the virtual Machines are logically
sepirated
but access the same set of physical
Scanned with CamScanner
resources and thus can in creax the amount of
cron witual machine attacks.
. leven anyhow any virtual Machine running
on the hypervisor gits sucanful in is caping the
hypervisor, it way git acan to voter virtual
Machines and thus cay result in privacy and
security reaches .
. The hypervisor if gits under an attack the
entire suptem fails, all the UM's gits compromend
and cay result in data leakage
. The default confgination of most VM's is not
alide to resist the degree of attack, hence they
need to lie modified, uneting ry in crand work.
There are a number of VM specific security
2) VM Hardening- VM Hardening is the
process while the alteration is made to
the default contigurating of the UM in order to
by crean the security level at "UM Level
Scanned with CamScanner
2
VMescape- it is the situation where a vy
in alule to escape out of the control of
the hypowison and UMM. DE can rinut in
shutting down of the hypervisor or getting accus to
letheend VM's" .
3 VM Migrating- It is the prices where the
VM is shifted from one location to another
physical sowie, in order to have maintenance
data lackup or disastu Recovery. The Mig module
bulls mrough the Nth and hence can we attacked
thus it must we done with caution
AVM Icolatery, It is the process of isolating the
VM's from one another . Though VM's
are logreally sapinated, yet they access same set of
resources that- cay caun security vulnerabilities
and cross UM attack.
5 ) UM Rige Sprawl + It is a selturation where the
number of VM's keep on 17 on the Host OS
while the already instantiated one's are : ideal
This wasting the resources of sy tem
Scanned with CamScanner
Security Jech- ) VM Hardening - 79 security at ing heard
DUM Isolating It crop UM attacks
B IM Migratiry + provide addition al
copies
Scanned with CamScanner
