A 4 Hyher -jacking is the hijacking / hacking of a
VMM / hypervisor ley an internal attacker.
It is a threat ton compute Security Level. which
affects Hypervisor and all the juestos's that it
manage. Hyper-jacking is a threat to
to security ass, the date on this servers now
can be accessed bey the hijacker as he is controlling
the hyporumsor, also it it can control other
VMM, if they are interacting with
the hijacked VMM.
Scanned with CamScanner
Internal attacker -formes a de
Internal attack is a threat to cloud cloud
completing I virtualized systems.
Possibile security threat's and vulnerabilities that
viened
are inherent in virtualized systems can ter tren in
3. level : -
a) Com Security at Comfuite level
5 ) Security at Network level
( Physical servier /system security
Security at compute devil:- the sett Et undertakes safety
of VM , hypervisor, physical machine and questos,
VM - specific security techniques: -
1. NM - isolation : - This VM isolation means the
to isolate the 2 virtual machines
running linde same hyhermisor / using same
physical resources, so as to prevent cross-
reference at threat.
Scanned with CamScanner
Isolation is done when the mething to do out
todas to prevent comprise of
machine incase any ltreach is there or
hypervisor is compromised,
2. VM hardening : - Alturning the configuration of
UM in order to imhecove it's
security is UM hardening. atiste
Unhardened UM ce lastetasity? con le
compromised which is a avulnerability.
VM
3. VM migration : - migration of one getistds
from byt one hoyhesisos
to thfrom one server hypervisor to
another ation without affecting its working.
migration "is done :- 4) load Balancing
b ) maintenance work
( ) Failure. of
Scanned with CamScanner
4. UM spravel. - UM sprayl is a condition
s when multiple instance of UM
are self created and ithimest of the VMID
Fare idle, thus leads to huge moresource
wastage.
Si VM iscake. - VMistake is condition situation
whena livrtual machine escakes
from the control of VMM hyhowisos. The
lbeaked VM can hossess threat to VMM and
other VM 'S running on same machine . The escaped
V'M can t lead to privacy to reach.
Scanned with CamScanner
