6) a) Health can be monitored in PAAS using avarious methods.
i) Using service dashboard of the cloud , he is using . The dashboard will
tell how much the platform was up and when did it go downg.
ii) Going through CCID (cloud Computing Incidents Database ), to know
if there was any outageof the Cloud.
iii ) Using third-party systems and running a checkon the health of
the cloced periodically .
Customers need to monitor Raas health because :
i) The CSP provides a SLA stating an agreement that , the cloud
would be up and running for these many monthly hours, for which
a user pays . I) , the cloud is outage for more than stated, it
would be wrongful for the user without even the knowledge of
the user that he is being wronged.
ii ) The application running over PAAS system would be down if
an outage occours which will cost the business a bigtime.
Thus, keeping a check on health can prevent an outage
from happening or keep the user ready for if it comes .
Yes , there are third party sortware fools like Nerges Healthcare
monitor, which can check the health continuously.
b ) JAAS
1) cloudServices provide smalltools a grapho which show the working
of the servers and how it changes with increase in load . This
Can be used to monitor health of IAAS.
ii) Again, the database, CCID, can be used eaven for IAAS.
Iri ) Eaven for IAAS , there are third party , also there are
softwarey "
hardware tools for IAAS , which monitor continuously
the working of the cloud and tell when the cloud was
mostactive and when was it completely inactive (maybe under
maintainance).
Customer need to monitor IAAS health because:
a) To ensure the amount of uptime and billing made by
the CSP for a month or an annual year is correct and
if not the health monitor can be used to point out the
outages or difference in opinion.
This way the user won't get cheated or can easily dimand
for additional uphours without cost if the SLA guments are
not met .
b ) The data stored on
IAAS can be verysensitieve and
could be required at any instant, they, proper knowledge
of the health of the cloud being used is necessary .
Yes , there are software tools available for IAMS , the
Aws cloud provides cloudwatch as tool to monitor health.
