y cloud type :- There are 3 types of deployment modeles :- 1. Public 2 Private 3 Hybrid All the types provide different type of security. Publics east secure while private cloud is highly secure. The Security of hybrid is in between public & private So the use case must be studied Gorritiing the in order to select the proper cloud type . Ans: 6 ( 0 ) Paas - provides the os, middlewares, DBMS etc to the client, so the user /client must check the health of the platform continuously so that the users of this application don't get Aroubled & shift to other afp. 1. Online Hay monitoring tools - Many only online websites provides the graphs & chartts of the health of the application. User can use these online tools to monitor the health of its his platform and the afp. If something unusual happens then he can take appropriate actions to correct them . A CCID ( Cloud computing Incident database ) ; is a database where all the cloud completing incidents are reported and a Paas user can use CCID to the bad incidents leary happented in the past and how to recory from them . After gaining knowledge from CCID, use can take apropriate measures. & Third party or CSP's monitoring Service : - These are third party services which give poper information regarding the health of hardware/ platform and application. Eg. RAM of the VM weed. 2 . Amount of storage used. 3 Traffic from different locations of the world. By andlyzing these charts a user can take further step to secure his / her app. ) A Paas customer should, monitor their E health because :- 2. They can get to know about the hack in real time if it is happening and can take lignificant steps. 2. To know the need for services like 1 . Load balancing R Scaling. ( 6 ) Iaas - Provides the infrastructure where the client has himself install the required OS, DB, development tools etc. - 90 to check the health of hardware or the infra provided by the CSP is major responsibility of the user because ! - 1 . User can get to know the exact time when to scale the Resources and when to balance the load between the servers. 2 . Real time risk analysis can be done if uses can see the live charts, graphs and health data of the infrastructure Appropriate measures can be taken by analysing the health data . 3 . Planning : - Health data helps the uses to blan for future. As the very popular saying "History repeates itself". Suggests that history can be used to flan future movement. By analysing the historical health data , the susur can avoid the problem that occured during the same Condition Carliu. There are tools to check the Iaas!- 1. CSP or third party tools ! - can be used to see the realtime health charts of the application servers etc. forg AWS cloud watch gives the live support for seeing the RAM utilization, storage utilization & real time traffic. 2 CCID ( Cloud Security Incident database ) can be helfful for a used to know the incidents happend in the past and also what hacke are happening in real time. 3 Online tools : - These are websites for monitoring the health of the Servers and application. Sites like healthmonitor. com helps a client to the it's statistics of the cloud services. 