Ans 6. Customers should monitor xaas health so that they can be will prepared in advance about the oritages and prepare a backup plan so that the organisation outglages does not have to suffer due to unavailability, some businesses are too dependent on cloud services , that cuen a minute of Unavailability can lead to huge amount of financial loss Let's see the impact on individual services & tools available a) Paas- Platform as a service provides the consumer with OS, olorage, DBMS and servers. If the services become unavailable, the customer might have to face huge losses. Hence, customer Should beep monitoring health of services time to time using these tools 1) Health dashboard monitoring- the CSP provides a proper dashboard where we can check he maintenance schedule of Paas, along with the estimated number of days the soquices will be unavailable. 8 L ) CCID-Cloud computing integrated database is a well renowned database that can be "used for health monitoring as it gives the schedules of various CsPs regarding their outgages and unavailability . 3) OS-level research Sometimes , the unavailability is done at the end of operating system level ; say you are using windows 90 and windows to is launched by microsoft, so customer should also be updated and keep a track of the operating system update Schedule . 4) 3 rd party providers Do we can also use 3rd, party service providers whose sole function is to check health monitoring, yo customers can hire them and sign contracts with them to intimate in advance about any upcoming maintenances or to check regularly monitor the health of platforms & servers. In all these ways, we can check health momloving in Paas, ( eg siteuptime ism, Nagios etc) . b) laas - flore the CSP provides only storage facilities, networke servers to the end user. And it's umportant to monitor the health for last minute delays. we can do that by- a) keeping constant-check at the servers coma boy maintenance schedule by checking health monitoring dashboard published by Csp Hrung 3rd party semice perounder to specificially check for ) schen the servers are down, it should intimate you immidiately 2 ) if there is any issue with networks, the ord parity should inform the IT team. At customer's end, they can also Fraue a seperate health monitoring department, which analyses and products for any faults based on their research .. 