Q6 .. Health Monitoring of the services O Paas: In case of Platform as a service; the network, data centre, data base and the development lool are provided by the CSP to the users. In order to monitor Paas; it should just check whether the data or application that would be durloped on the Platform be provided with: Physical security; compute security , data storage security; network security and access level security. Here the Cloud Service Provider is responsible for the netivole providing, data bax management and provision of deployment platform. Hence the individual using Paas should check in for availability of the service ( development hools) Ortner neliveluk based and data storage based. Also the development tools made available by Cse should be uptodate with version and technology advancement. This can be done with CCID (cloud Computing Incident database) as to how many cases happened to fault in past and what likely to have Fault in future. COMpany individuals ( users) can also refer to siteup time com Jaas: In Iufrastrucline as a source;basic paduclive is provided to the were on which ho develops its own system using his own development tools . For Ioas health monitoring can be done by checking if the required infrastructure is available at all time or is there any outgages or downtime when the services are not available. The wave should monitor for availability on regular basis and if found any downtime then he should inform the party accordingly and hence luta service trime would Le added to the month's and with out any cura pay from the customers. Customers should monitor Xaas health s to know if the services for which they are paying for based on the Usage critena are actually available to them or met; or are they using the services which are up to date with respect to version and technology. They should also Keep a monitoring check on the activities that are being performed on their data and should initialize flags in lax of any actively uncupected and curain notification should be provided health motoring should be done to check in for security & privacy provided to the system ( application)" CIA security model. - Confidentiality - Integrity - Availability Health Monitoring wicludes: 1 Monitoring data gaining visibility (3) Managing accen Monitoring, data linpuis to set up alarms or notification whenever any unimaginable or unpredictable situation arises ( or lata coming doesnot follow the original pattern) Then is incufamily in the data Fg: Cloud walch in case of Amazon Web service which help to put on alarms on different metrics ( pejormance) (1) gaining visibility : Proper logs are generated soas to know who did what activity and atwhat time. These logs can be viewed by the CAP to get to know who is responsible for the uncertain activity in the system . Eg: cloud Trial is the logging platform in Awe to logon the activities CID 2 Managing access for Identity & Access Management; we have IAM service in Aws to provide access to the individual based on the roles that has been Orosigned to him . 