Aus f
2. ) Paars
Crucking Heath Monitoring
. Service walth dashboards published by survia providew
which have ditails like
current state of service , outagay
that night
effect customer 2. maintadance schedules
. " Cloud Computing Incident Database (CCID] which
tracks down the cloud incidents
. fuird party service monitoring tools like Nagios Monitoring
tool & internal or third-party
web service monitoring /
tools
for our dweloped apolication
Monitoring Tooly
Nagios
Monitoring tools which bevindically monitors the
heath of Paas
platform & alevar the your in case of
downtime
Need for
monitoring
. The Paas service providers would provide us with the
platform to build , test , diploy , configure 2 manage
our affalication.
. It provides wo with an
executional envivo ument,
development tools , operating system, middleware, DBMS A
amalyrics to build the application
. The application that we have build on the platform
is our responsibility & the Paas - service provider is
funposible for the Uservices that they are providing.
. since we daly on the Paas provider for our underlying
platform on )which the application is build, a serviad
outage might
effect our customer base , compliance ,
productivity & sabere.
. The scope & impact of outage would depend on the outage
situation .
laas
Cinecking Heath monitoring
- Service health dashboard published by the CSP
- COLD
- External or third party monitoring, tools ochuck the heath
status of the virtuale computing platform
Toots & softwares for health monitorugg
. Third -party monitAvIng FOOL- Nagios Monitoring tool
to click the water of virtual computer periodically
. Cloud service providus like AWS provide AWS
Cloud watch for monitoring AMS Elastic Compute
cloud jusources etc.
. Auto marid monitoring tools like service Upthe. com could
be word to check availability
Need for theath check
. laas servius provide us with the underlying computational
lying
8 storage hardware resources
Ah outage in the laas services
of physical servers ,
procusorts & datacentres can affect the services provided
by other csPs at different uvels like ( saas, Paascc )
