Ques 6 - Health monitoring of paas : - service Health check Dashboard published by the Csp .. The CSP regularly publishes the health status of the services, any recent deviations from normal behavi our & also the upcoming maintenance days . 2.7 CID Ccloud Computing Incidents Database ) It is a tool used for checking the recent outages in a cloud service provides . The report can be presented to the user describing all the incident resp ovuses & outages, 3 .> Customes Mailing list The CSP ccm send regular. emails regarding the recent outages upcoming maintenance to keep the clients will infowned about the current health service. Rss feed a based feed which enables users to It is web up dates of articular get the i wo. about products / services in a well defined readable format . 5 Y Third party providers Companies like Nagios can provide the health checks for the CSP at some cost . Health monitoring of laass - 17 CID (cloud Computing Incidents Database ) It serves an important purpose in laas as the laas outage will be the most critical lead to business critical problems . Ao euD gives customised reports on the sever storage | database unit outages for monitoring the wealth of infrastructure. 2 - > CSP itself / providing services eg, cloudwatch & cloudfrais unexpected AWS provides the service to look for any behaviour - its - and triggers alawns by means of cloudwatch service. clandrail can further thelp in loeating the source of threat outage. Thus it provides a mechanism of health check . 3 . Third party -providers The CSP com employ third party to analyze & publish its health status to the customers. St 1 laas LSP employing . Nagios to do the health monitoring & report The outages timely the health status because : Customers should monitor To check credibility of the service provider. A customer will prefer the CSP claiming 99% uptime than the one claiming 95 - 99 1 uptime. 9:1 To report the incident on time no that the csp start'stating action . as soon as possible . 3 . To ask for bonus/ service credits OL compensation in the Youn of free service from the CSP . To get an idea of the next maintenance time so that the customers can take informed decision about what to do in the maintenance days 5 . 7 Also, to overall track the progress of the CSP . This Phelps in implorring Csps value im market and hearce I'mplone customers satin faction towards cloud computing . 