Q2 Attributes of Multi-tenancy self provisioning of Cloud Computing resources Pay- as - you-go Scalable Elastic Deployment Public Private Hybrid Models Community Service Models Iaas Paas Saas Cloud Computing Architecture The architecture cloud computing can be explained first by listing the major attributes of cloud Computing, Multi-tenancy - In cloud computing, different people share resources with each other, like network, storage, bandwidth, databases management, security etc. Thus, wwwulti-tenancy is a basic feature of cloud computing. * self - provisioning 1) resources - On demand provisioning of resources makes cloud computing. highly beneficial for organizations. Pay- as-you- go - with cloud computing, you don't need to pay for extra resources or anything else. It is based on- the principle of pay-as - you-go, thus bills we'll be generated based upon usage only, Scalable - In cloud computing, any organization can be up and running in a short period of time , It doesn't need to gruess the resources rrequired, as they can be scaled anytime based on the deward Elastic - cloud Computing makes sure you don't have to purchase extor resources, which . may sit idle in the future of don't have to buy resoutles if they are less than required, as the provisioning of resources is elastic and can be charged according to the demand. Deployment Models - they refer to the location Services the cloud and how the are managed there by cloud sevice providers, > Public cloud - In public cloud , all the resources, date and applications are public to other organizations . It is the most Common way) using and availing cloud computing as it is highly economical. Private cloud - some organizations might need cloud for their business- critical operations or the data they we dealing with might be sensitive, an Such scenarios, private. cloud can be deployed, which can be on-preneuse as well as off- premise ) the organization and provides secure cloud computing services to the client. Hybrid cloud / this is like " the bestof both of worlds', in this , the data might be stored on private cloud& applications may be our on public clouds. This type I cloud provide high flexibility to the organization and are economically suitable also. this also helps when orgainations have to transition from private tho public cloud. - Community Cloud - In this type of model, 2-3 organisations with same purpose availing land services, awall the community cloud, Among the organizations, the resources are public, but to the outside world , the resources are private to thom only. Service Models - Service Models refer to which type I devices are being avalled by the client from the Cloud Service Provider . 7 Laad - In Infrastructure - as - a service, the organisations get storage, network and Saludwidth sevices from the cloud provider. Database management, servers ete. one Also included. The clients then build applications on the choice ) their own Operating systems, Thus CCP holds the responsibility of only the infrastructure that it provides , 7 Raas - In Platform- As - a- Service model, alog with the infrastructure, operating system. middleware application development tools are also" provided to the Client. Thus, CBP provides a platform On which "the clients can buld their application and deploy , best and develop them . - Saas - In Software-as - a service model, the CSR provides applications to the client to use directly , Thus, the client only weeds the knowle be on how to use the application and manage the authorisations and endlements all the other responsibilities hie ow csp. Them , the whole cloud architecture is based on these three things, attribute, deployment models & service models and clients Should choose cloud services providers based on their quirements. 