( 2 ) Deployment Models Public Private Hypbrid Community Service Paas Models . laas Box Saas . Resource pooling any etrex !! Cloud Computing architecture. Cloud Computing refers to the sharing of resources over the internet. It consists of four deployment models, namely Public, ho cloud, private cloud, hybrid cloud & state who community cloud. Deployment models lafers to the resources are being used by & bywho the infrastructure is being taken cale f. In Public cloud, the resources are publicly available & thand party the data center is pt taken call of by third party providers. This cloud provides an real-unlimited scalability, low cost, loco maintainance features In private cloud, the resources cloud are used only by a particular business or organization and the data center is present at the premise itself or taken care by a third party This cloud providers more security, flexibily, scalability features . In hybrid cloud, the both public cloud & private cloud are used . Public cloud to is used for . its seatabily low security, more scalable applications like Web based emails. whereas, private cloud is used for fidiential 7 it's security & privacy for Business specific tasks or applications. The data center can be present on - premise oa taken care by a third party. Community cloud is used by 2 d 3 i.c. a group of organizations where cloud is required for mid to large sized communities, Cloud computing architective consists of 3 service models i.e. laas ( Infosructure - as . a . Sevice ), Paas ( Platform as a servicele Saas ( Software as a Service ) Commonly rekled to as the SPI framework. provided Infrastructure as a service ( I aas) probiers cloud users are the underlying infrastructure including firewalls, networks, physical servers, etc by the Cloud Service providers (CSPs) on which platforms & services can be / bult upon. The users do not have to wolly about maintaining the infrastructure as it is maintained it by the CSPS. An Platform- as a service ( Pas )also ; infrastructure is provided but along with middleware, databasey etc on which users can build their own applications . saas , the whole cloud hosted application / software is provided , which the users can use for thew own needs . The infrastructure , middewafe nokatabases and application are all maintained & i kept updated by the CSP& the user reads only use the software. Eg: 