Q 2 .
loud computing Architecture
. (for user point of view)
1. Analysing the requirements of resources, services required
First of all; the consumer/ organization Who want to lie woud
services, need to identify and analyse the requirements it has
and what all services are needed.
2 . Once the conowner was anaused the requirements and identified the
requirements of services; he looks for various Cloud Service Providers
and compare the feature provided by them.
3 .
Once the UP are compared; and one is finalized based on is services;
broper architecture is formed which would cater to all the
requirements ( what kind of svwice ( Daas| Saas| Jaes ); and
deployment model.
4. Then the security provided by CUP is analysed ( because security is the
biggest concern in cloud computing )
5 .
once the standards are arsglysed; any gap in security and
privacy is analisted and design are made to fill in those gaps
Implementation of the design to fill in trose gap.
7. oftu implementation ; regular monitoring is done to check on the
security and privacy related concuns in an organization .
hence the HOW is :
0
Requirement' identification and analysis
selection of the CSP ( suivice) and deployment model
3
Analysing its security models
Exploring out the gap between expectation & reality
5
Filling and designing of the cloud security gap
Implementation of design to fill the gap
Regular Monitoring.
Other perception of Cloud Computing Architecture is . . . (for organization
pointof view)
D Define Strategy : To identify the objectives of an organization
and its plan to achieve those .
Dying Requirement: To identify what all requirements; organization
have ( services | resource ) to achive objectives.
3
Define architeclive : Define architecture that is required for follow
to achieve objectives
4)
Dyine policies : Requirements of the organization is then mapped to
policies .
5
Define procedures and processes: Dyining procedures and proceed to
follow to ultimately work on strategy.
5 Implementation : The policies and procedures dejened are implemented
and compliance standards are reviewed.
Risk assessment: Rich to the system is assessed in accordance with
various regulatory and compliancestandards.
Risk management and monitoring: Continuous monitoring into the
system is required in order to know of breach of any information :
Do proper: D monitoring of data 2 gaining visibility and
managing access is carried out
Continuous Improvement : With new policies and technologies up dating
on regular basis; Continuous improvement in architecture
is done.
