Ques ( 2) Cloud Architecture Deployment models Public Prueate Hybrid "Community Iaa S Service Paas Models Saas Resoure POOL Attributes Broad Rapid Self- network pay - as - - ing elasticity Resources you go Deployment Models There are ttypes of deplayment models A. Public cloud D . Community B. Private cloud cloud C Hyboud cloud Public cloud is often provided by a 3rd party and maintained by it Not so secure cloud model, but cheap, scabable on demand, elastic, supports multi tenancy B Pruiate cloud is usually maintained on premises privately by a company to for prousing private and confidentialy information e. g. financial reporting (" Hybrid cloud is a mix of private and public cloud and is called the best of both worlds" model where not so Sensitive data is put on public cloud and sensiture data on permeate cloud. D. Community cloud is a type of cloud model. owned by 3-4 companies and the cloud if shared by them only . The companies oft for Ua private cloud in this case Service Models Saas Paas Iaas Hosted Development Data Operating Servers Network ,conter Apps / tools Physical and database System building Applications manager tu't, storge firewall security plant business onlytics Figure : SPI Framework of service models It is clear from the above framework that there are 3 souvice models - Soas, Paas and Jaaf which stand for Software, Platform and Infrastructure as a service respectrely. and what services do they offer Individually. Attributes Resource pool- Resources are fooled in a cloud computing eniecronment Broad networking -, A broad scale of networ form the boss of cloud systems Rand elasticity - Scaling up and downof resources is pir needs of the organization can be done rapidly Self provisioning of resources, La Resources can beprevisioned by the customer's as per their requirement- -- Pay- as- you - go model- This is a great payment model of cloud services, which says that you need to pay for only those resources that you use for the desired time. Usually CPUprocessor, RAM, Storage etc. used per hower and other factors are used to calculate the fees of running the cloud system. 