2 According to NIST Model, the clould computing architecture consists of deployment Models, Service models and other features like resource sharing, virtualization, etc. software platform Infrastructure Das a Serviu as la. as a service ( sans) service ( fans ) (IamS ) Public Private Hybrid cloud Community cloud cloud cloud Resource on demand sharing Network - service storage [ Hay as you Accelose 90 virtualization In Software as a service (Saas), the clowed curie provider provides the application, platform, madlenare infrastructure and is responsible for the security of all, The user just need to know how to operate the application. This service model is usually used in organizations to increase employees productivity. EX: - Email, web based Services, In platform as a service (Paas), the cloud service provider provides the necessary tools required to build application. The customer off Pars are application developers ( who designs an application) application testers ( who test the Lapplication in various testing environments , application deployers ( who deploy the application and cater to the queries of customers), application end users ( who uses that Application). In Iaas (Infrastructure as a service) the cloud service provider provides only the necessary infrastructure, servers and virtual Machines. Usually, it provides the lowerd level of security. In all the service models, the fees is calculated depending upon the number of users, bandwidth consumed, CPU utilization per howr , number of data GB stored etc. In public cloud, the resources are shared between multiple usese and home it is not that Costly But it raines security concerns as data is not private and being shared. The infrastructure is set off premise . In private cloud, the resources are private to the company, i"e they are not shared blw multiple organizations. As there are no other tenants, they have usually higher cost in comparison to 9 public cloud . But they are considered more secure. The infrastructure can be on premise or can be hosted externally but private to a single organization In community cloud, if there are 3-4 organization that shate the same goal, they can opt for Community cloud. The infrastructure can be on premise or off - premise. The hybrid cloud is the best of both worlds. It consists of public cloud and private clouds. For business critical situation where security is a concern private cloud can be used, but in certain scenarios where security doesn't matter that much, the public cloud can be used The cloud services are scalable, je you can grow or shrink resolves according to the demand. There are a ways to do so . Either do online or Contact the service provider to do the same . Virtualization Is responsible for scalibility. It is of 2 types. Vertical scalability which is considered easy because here resources are added in existing resources i've by increasing RAMS or processing power. But its case of horizontal scaling, the new servers are added to balance the load, hence it is considered more complex. The cloud services provide virtualization . It is abstraction over physical resources to make them shareable. As a result of virtualization, the resources can be used effectively productivity increases, time dicrears, energy irtilization decreases and cost decreares. Virtualization Creates virtual version (not reals of an applicati In cloud computing, you have to pay as you go. you only pay for the resources you use and you only pay for the time you use the resources Hence, it is cost effective. cloud Computing services are elastic ine you can demand the resources as soon as number of customers/ requests increases, forexample during sales of amazon, flipkart. Cloud Computing provides easy recovery. In case you lose your data, you can recover it in few hours. you don't have to set up all the infrastructure & hardware again & again 