5. Cloud computing inherently has various threats
and concerns. Without taking measures to combat
it the cloud is not a secure blace. with the
help of protocols, standards and techniques it
can be made secure.
I Areas of Security Conceen
1) Data atleast . data should be stored in
cry to graphically encrypted form and
2) Data in transit : Use of encryption to protect
data from unauthorized access . Implementiy
Secure Socket Layer and Transport Security
Layet .
3. Authentication. Authenticated users Only have
access to data. Can use RBAC, coke based
access control for better performance
4. separation between clients . Use of Trusted
Layer Module to separeate is bordare from
VM for security reasons at the hardware
level .
5. Incident Response : In case of a security breach
an
immediate message should be sent to
the Client A Data backup and & ecovery
processes should be in place.
ISecurity Threats also include
10 Multidenancy : As multiple tenants have access
To Shared resources, bleach of privacy
is a major concern
(2) velocity of Attack : As the surface area of the
loud infrastructure increases Is a doesthe
relocity of attack ..
3 Assurance A Information Ownship: The ownship
of critical data must be made clear, by
better understanding of Storage related
security concerns.
" Privacy Breaches .. Infernal Of external attach
on cloud .
Privacy implication include
1 Access : Which setof user group has access to the
Resource . Pepper access control policies need to be
in place .
2 )
Compliance . Does the privacy policy of the
organization meet the standards of the Industry.
3 ) Storage ; Is the data secure in storage ? it is
totags stored in an encrypted format.
Retention . The data needs to stoked for how
long I what happens to it after it's not in use ?
Destruction : Has the unwanted data been destroyed
et is it just inaccessible to the ogavization.
Can the CSP use it for analysis & sell the information
6) Audit & Monitoring: Audits need to be
berformed to understand if the accesspolicy
is being followed & the health is upto date
7 )
Privacy Breaches : Use of best practices to
avoid breach of Confidentiality, soca.
In tegrity & Availability,
The cloud can be made secure once these
concerns are addressed.
