5. One of the most important aspects of cloud, is
their security and privacy. There are several
areas of security concern including:
O Data at Rest: Encryption must be used.
2 ) Data in transit : Proper authentication and
validation of usels must be dine. Use of
Transport Layer Security and Secure Socket Layer,
helps incredibly .
Authentications: Users need to be authenticated
( mult - factor authentication ) before they can
be allowed to interact with the system .
4) Segregation Of Usees : Is clouds support, milli-
- tenancy it is essential to separate one user
from the other, Hardware level a segregation
using Trusted Platform Module ( TPM) can beused.
5 Legal& regulatory: Security ofdata, auditing,
monitoring A proper destruction of data must be
discussed by the legal department.
6 )
Incident response : in case of breach, real
time alert should be sent out.
While security is a big concern, privacy of the
user & data is also vely important in the
following aspects:
1 Access; the amount of data the caphas
access to & can it be destroyed? Marketing firms
may use this data & End User Agreements should
have this .
2.
compliance: it needs to be ensured that
all policies are properly followed. Eg. data if
needed to be encrypted, must be endisptel.
(3 Storage: " The location of the data stored is usually
unknown. However, some countries do not allow
data to move out. The CSP needs to ensure the
same.
Retention: one needs to know & discuss for
how long with will the use data bc
retained & used.
Destruction : It needs to be insuled that, after and
of agreement, data must be completely
destroyed with traces removed ( data shredding )
Auditing: Contact with CSI that logs must
be provided so it the CSP can be audited
that our data is secule.
7 )
Privacy Breach : Ensure that in case of breach,
alirts all sent, investigation is done &
costs oil properly paid.
Cloud's security & prisay can be improved
if we tackle all the above points.
4)
Cloud pose a lot of security and privacy
threats. However, proper IAM, defence strategies
can allow us to secure the cloud & prevent
attacks.
