5) Clouds are ) 3 types
1. Public cloud
11. Private cloud
111. Hybrid cloud .
Public cloud gives access to all to read and
use the data- Peurate Cloud has data limited to
the company that is using it. Hybrid cloud is a
best of both the Public cloud and hybrid cloud.
Clouds are secured as there are a number of Security
and privacy techniques that are used to suotract and
secuen the daca . Also theme arre a numbill of threats
by variety of attackers . The Service Provider is
considered to be responsible for the security
of the cloud . But there are no Laws that highlight
the security and privacy of the cloud.
Security
1 . dato ar west - data at west Should be encuyptia . Services
like Amazon Web survices also do not encuypt the
data by default . It should be done by the to user.
2. dara in flight - The data that is Being Fromsfeld should
be properly incryptcal so that it is not leallo.
There are special mechanisms like SSL ( security
Socket Layer ) and Frans pout Layer security that help in
protecting data in flight
3 . Authentication - Enfoncement of a proper authentication and
authorizations ys tum
4. divisionof pautial systems - So that the data is not lealla
and security is not brached by different companies
3
Or hackvis
5 . Legal system - A user should get the cloud services
verified by legal and exports so as to know if
they are adequate
6. Incident response - A user Should be prepared incase of
maliciais Cloud provider problems and Should have responses
ready .
Privacy -
access to
1. Access - if the wsu has all the information ou injoumation
is nept
11. Retention
111. Destruction - if all the files are deleted or not ? If they are
lept for further use?
4. Storage - while are the files Stored? Alle they violating my
@ then companies
5. management
laws g
6. Monitoring and auditing .
Mf Privacy I beach - How do we know themis a privacy "
bueach?
The ITIL ( injoumation technology) Iso / IEC 27001 / 27002,
Iso / IEC 20000 alle tuanewoutes that help answer.
some of the security questions a user con ask
