Answer - 5, The concepts of clouds & cloud combiting is still at an in are revolutionally concepts but are still at any infancy stage. In telems of security, a lot many methods & measures have been developede like JAM, BVPN etc. but still clouds are not Fully secure because of the following reasons Enlisted below are the security A privacy implications of cloud computing that refraino cloud front being fully secure : -. multitenancy - Since multiple cloud users share the same physical infrastructure, it poses a security risk to the customer organizations. This is because multitenancy enhances the chances of data x privacy beeach and thus reduces the trust on concept of cloud. For example: if 2 organizations are co-located On same AWS server . There are high chances that one organization rebouts to malicious means to retrieve other's data. X Data Privacy > Thiled Party Control - With the concept of cloud, trust boundaries have become dyamic & moved out of the Dergatomization's boundaries. this. Since now the data is being going under the contad of third party (SSP), the chances of data privacy beaches has increased. For example - In 20. 13 x2014, private information of $5 billion people was leaked due to attack on Yahoo mail service . This incident of privacy breach itself puts quality on the security ittues related to Cloud. Increased Velocity of Attack: Since terabytes of data of multiple organizations is lying on the same seewer, the surface area of the attack has increased. This is because one attack can now affects millions, thus increasing the velocity of attack. Fit means vulnerability in one application has the power to impact the whole CSP ! Hindrance to * Real-time forensics : Till the time applications move locally hosted , If the control was in organization & hands. Hence, it was easy to monitor, andit & perilous realttime forensics in case of incidents. but now since applications alle being hosted by CSP& Nibibility into the incidents has reduced. This is because vely for CSPs gine detailed reports. This binders set real time forensics & blaue down incident response. Jurisdiction boundaries & Compliance management - fince organizations have very less visibility into details of CSPs, they aren't aware where their data is being hosted X located. This & could Read for conflict with compliance policies of company & in worst case, legal breaces. For eg. An app stores medical records of people of USA. of CSP stoues the data outside the jurisdiction boundaries & is a unable to delete it completely it might lead to conflict with standards like HIPAA. 