Ars : 5 ) Clouds are vulnerabile to security threats and issues.
various measures have to be taken to uthold cloud
security. Rulille clouds are most vulnerabile to security
fatibit clouds
issures .
Following are pecunily and security implications
of cloud
computing :
(1 ) Multitenancy
Suice same thysical resources alle being
matt shared anting multiple users who able not known to
the cloud customers, it can be a bug' threat to security
of date of cloud customers. A malicious user might try
to access data of the other vitual machine.
Su come ts There could be thates of data left behind
destruction of
after the data of the cloud user forumously using those
resources . This could lead to sensitive date thing leaked
but and confidentiality hering compromised.
vin Velocity of Attack
Metle all a nunliens of data centres at multiple locations
hosting huge amount of data. This huge surface area of
data available also increases the velocity of attack.
iii ) Information assurance and ownership
there are always
unfollowmy
concour about customers information :
(a ) There might be confidential miformation
that is being
misused by cloud sowie ocoidell for it's own
Gernefut
which could be in analysis, data analysis
marketing
-
C) How long is the data retarried by the cloud service
fortuider. Asee all the copies of the data destroyed by
the cloud
semme hersuider when the conteract
ends and are all
the traces of the data perfectly
removed.
(c) Information about at what location the data is stored
and how is it os transferred from, one location to
another.
( 1 ) That the cloud service provider does not claim sumerwhy
of the data it is medo suthose to manage lie. ait at
a custodian.
( iv ) Previacy
That the how the cloud service provider uwholds
the peuwary of data. 9-it the cloud service provider
should take th measures to keep the data secure and
porevent data leak unintentionally as well as and also
should not deilerately mususe the data.
(V) Security of data while at past and in transit is also
a matter
of
cancelm . How the data is stored and what
measures are taken if to ithold it's uitigerity
(VI) AREES controlling access to the data is another implication.
Only authorised induriduals ser systems should we allowed
to have access to the data.
