Ques 5 -
Clouds are not always secwie . the posecurity
I clouds depend upon the standards policies
and eregulations followed by cloud service prondu.
i) Every cloud deployment model has privacy $
Security misks associated with it . the public
internet based cloud aere prove to attacks and
in the private cloud , in which end usen canbe
taughtted are also exposed to attackeus .
Different security and piracy inpescations 8
cloud computing involve
ci) confidentiality - It means that the user's
personal information should not be accessible
to anyone else except authorised usee.
(il ) intequity - It includes securing the data
while transmission. It states that the data
Lind and mecumed should be same and
should not be modified in between by ar
inauthorised peuson. Data should reach
where it wants to be.
(in' ) Authorization" Authorization is the best way
to ensure access controls to the usele, otherwise
the cloud's data will be accessible to
anyone in the cloud.
(Ir) access: user has the right to know who can
access the data this is particularly about the
marketing activite companies should follow propels
regulations and specify about their data access in primacy
porly.
( V) storage: user can ask for where the data is
stored, (at which location), and whether it is
stored in encuypted form or not of data is not
incuypted then anyone who attacks the system
can read the user data'
(VI) retention there are concerns about the data
retention as well, in what forrm is it retained
and whether it is transferred from one location
to another and what are security measures
taken while transferwing the data
(vii ) destruction?- there are security concerns erelated to
the destruction of data as well, th & the traces &
data deleted , should also be removed peumanently,
so that it can't be fwither used by attackers
( riii ) monitoring and compliance - have are
issues related to compliance management as well.
( ix ) incident response - It includes , how cloud
providers or customers response to ange
cloud security Breach. Atleast, there shouldbe
automated response of notification given to the user
(x) regulatory management- Each dis
ouganisation i have their regulating expone tust
check the standards and policies of clouck
to enserve adequacy.
